# 1.3 Proposed Systems, Facilities, Services, and Infrastructure
Recognizing that the only [[Way]] towards the [[Goal]] required connecting, coordinating, and empowering billions of sovereign autonomous individuals and organizations, the Receiver identified the need to construction shared systems, facilities, services and infrastructure to empower the [[Federation]]. 

The shared [[Infrastructure]] would empower individual and local [[Sovereigns]] to take responsibility for thier own elevation and transformation towards the [[Meta Goal]]. 

While it was clearly the role and responsibility of each [[Sovereign]] to arise and climb towards its [[Potential]], it was clearly the role and responsiblity of the [[Whole]] to co-create the shared infrastructure and ladders that the [[Sovereigns]] could climb. 

### 1.3.1 Lack Of Existing Infrastructure and Access
Studies curated for the Receiver indicated that globally, approximately:

- Out of every 4 people, 1 lives every day without adequate clean water and sanitation. 
- Out of every 4 people, 1 lives every day without adequt shelter to keep them safe, warm and dry. 
- Out of every 5 people, the development of 1 is stunted because they do not have enough basic food and nutrients. 
- Out of every 5 people, 1 has had no formal education at all. 
- Out of every 6 people, 1 lives in poverty. 
- X out of 10 people lived in ongoing fear of violence and lacked basic safety  
- X out of 10 people lacked access to basic systems of justice  

Related studies revealed that in far too many cases, these conditions of poverty and deprivation were the result of corrupt and illegitimate authority exploiting local populations.

### 1.3.2 Prevalence of Deceit and Propaganda
The Receiver further determined that in many parts of the world, educators, religious leaders, and political leaders were beholden to repeat the deceit and propaganda of those in power, such that even among those who had access to formal education, many were being taught things by the authorities that were simply irreconcilable and untrue. 

### 1.3.3 An Equal Opportunity For All
Therefore, very simply, the Receiver determined that it could not justly assume that [[Any]] had access to a truthful and just pathway towards its [[Potential]], and that therefore it had to ensure that the Systems, Facilities, Services, and Infrastructure that were co-created provided a reasonable opportunity for every living being, without exception, to progressively discover and [[Realize]] its [[Potential]] in [[Community]].  

### 1.3.4 Bottom Up
The Receiver recognized that it or any other other could never solve these issues with a [[Top Down]] program of action. 

Therefore, it became even more clear that a decentralized and empowered global [[Community]] / [[Federation]] would need to be forged and equipped with everything required to accomplish their own local transformation, in a way that also elevated them into coherence and alignment with the global community. 

### 1.3.5 Scaling Up Systems, Facilities, Services, and Infrastructure (SFSI)
The Receiver planned to build all basic systems, facilities, services, and infrastructure [[SFSI]] that were lacking on a scalable and replicable basis. 

The proliferation of [[SFSI]] would follow a tipping point strategy starting with local centers of gravity where there was a sufficient population of skilled professionals capable of building out locally suitable and adapted [[SFSI]], and then expanding out through training and development into more distant areas. 

### 1.3.6 An Ecosystem, A Prototype, and Kit of Parts
The planning details for the [[SFSI]] would be iteratively developed and reviewed, in order to co-create an adaptive ecosystem of resources that connect, empower, and strengthen the diverse expression and resiliency of sovereign local communities, while retaining [[Interoperability]] among the diverse elements. 

For this reason, the [[SFSI]] designs would be developed based on a conceptual [[Kit of Parts]] concept that could be selectively and interoperably adapted and deployed based on local realities and needs. 

The [[Current Best Understanding]] of how the [[Kit of Parts]] could best function would be maintained in an integrated [[Prototype]], that would be continuously improved based on the learnings from each [[Instantiation]]. 

### 1.3.7 A Stewardship Commons
The Receiver planned to hold all [[Intelletual Property]], technology, systems, infrastructure, facilities, etc. "in common" for the good of [[All]]. 

This would require the co-creation of a legal [[Commons]] to protect and steward that which was being co-created for [[All]]. 

The Receiver's hypothesis was that the initial US 501(c)(3), in conjunction with the Creative Commons or a successor system, could serve as an starting point for this stewardship of all that was held in common. 

### 1.3.8 Systems and Infrastructure for the New Era
It was anticipated that the systems and infrastructure that would be required to accomplish the [[Meta Goal]], if properly designed, built, and stewarded, would become the basis for a [[New]] [[Operating System]] for humanity. 

In this way, the archetypical story would be satisfied as we forged the the [[New Era]] out of the ashes of the existential threats that we confronted and overcame. 