# 1.6 Critical First Steps Towards the Goal
The Program requires a number of critical first steps. The steps, listed below, are not in chronological order, but do reflect some of the major decisions and milestones.

## 1.6.1 Meta Project Program Statement
Working with various experts across a broad spectrum of domains, the [[Receiver]] developed a draft [[Meta Project Program Statement]] (MPPS) that could be continuously improved. The MPPS describes the "What" of the Program. It describes the characteristics of the [[New World]] to be built. It also answers the "Why Build Anything At All?" question. 

The MPPS is emerging through numerous working sessions on various topics, as well as site visits to review existing and desired conditions in various domains. The MPPS is a key element in the planning of the Program and will be used throughout this guide to describe the design and programming needs and acceptance criteria of the [[New World]], along with the major features of the Program required to bring it into existence.

## 1.6.2 Integrated Program Delivery
From the available delivery methodologies, an adapted version of Integrated Program Delivery (IPD) was selected for the Program.

The [[Receiver]] determined that responsibility for the design and implementation of each of the [[Program Components]] would be pushed away from the [[Core Team]] to a distributed network of autonomous Integrated Project Delivery Teams ([[IPD Teams]]), who would coordinate their efforts through the principles and practices of IPD.

Integrated Project Delivery, using lean principles, was adapted from the manufacturing sector and is designed to maximize the efforts of all participants on the project to deliver the project at the lowest possible cost in the least amount of time that is practical for the project.  At the same time, quality and safety are continuously improved as project delivery progresses. IPD emphasizes planning and design with the entire design / implement / operate team and uses budget, schedule, quality, and safety as design criteria.

The Program Manager will establish [[IPD Teams]] comprised of leading designers, impact organizations, builders, operators, and specialty trade partners.  The IPD Teams will engage to develop [[The Prototype]], along with the [[Infrastructure]] to empower its localization, adaptation, implementation, and operationalization around the world.

### 1.6.3 The Prototype
The Program Manager and IPD Teams will use the information contained in the [[Meta Project Program Statement]] to design a prototypical higher order System purpose-built to deliver a continuously improving qualify of life for [[All]].

The Prototype will be developed to meet each of the [[Acceptance Criteria]] developed by the [[Meta Project Program Statement]] for the [[New World]].

Because of the uncertainty as to the size or shape of any given [[Instantiation]] of the Prototype, or the number that will ultimately need to be locally adapted and implemented, or the geographic location and local conditions of those implementations, or the ways in which each local instance will need to be improved over time, the Prototype is being developed as an [[Interoperability|Interoperable]] [[Kit of Parts]].  

The "kit" contains a number of different options that can be combined in a variety of different sequences and configurations to localize and adapt the System to any domain, to assist in remodeling current facilities and systems, and to guide future facility and system development.

The Prototype is also being designed to optimize for long term operational efficiency in the production of [[Throughput]] of its [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals]]. This is critical inasmuch as the largest long term cost associated with the Program will be the cost of operating each [[Instantiation]] over time.

"Lessons learned" are crucial in prototype development so that continuous learning and continuous improvement can take advantage of further developed operational efficiencies as they are realized.

Thus, each subsequent instantiation will "learn" from the total aggregated experience and wisdom of all prior instantiations.

The Prototype is also important in terms of understanding and establishing how each of the elements contained in the [[Meta Project Program Statement]] can actually be delivered on local sites within the overarching context of an interoperable higher order total system of sytems.

### 1.6.4 Integrated Delivery of Each Element of the Prototype Across Time
Critically, it was discovered that not only could the total Program best be delivered on a lean integrated basis, but further that each of the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals]] themselves should also be delivered, across time and in each local area, on the basis of integrated delivery.

While slightly complexifying the idea of integrated delivery, the insight that total human and living systems flourishing could be accomplished through an overarching and uniting lean integrated delivery approach brought unprecedented coherence and integrity to the Program at every fractal level.

Because this idea forced an evolution of philosophy and process beyond traditional lean IPD, this higher order system was called the [[Lionsberg Integrated Delivery System]] to differentiate it from is predecessors.

The [[Receiver]] concluded that these lean integrated delivery principles should be implemented throughout every aspect of the Program to optimize [[Value]] and minimize [[Waste]] in delivering the Program.

The core principles of the [[Lionsberg Integrated Delivery System]] will therefore be incorporated into the [[IPD Team Agreements]]. The principles are integral to the overall approach for designing, implementing, and operationalizing the [[New World]], and are described in more detail in sections below.

### 1.6.5 Cooperation vs. Competition
Initially, the PM contemplated engaging multiple IPD Teams to design separate prototypical Systems in a “co-opetition”. However, the strength of early collaboration led the initial IPD teams and the PM to agree to coordinate all design, build and delivery services through a unified organization known as the [[Core Enterprise]], so that all Intellectual Property, technology, platforms, and ideas could be held in common, rapidly synergized, and leveraged for the benefit of all.

### 1.6.6 The Core Enterprise
The [[Core Enterprise]] (CE) was conceived as one team of teams comprised of the best resources from the [[Program and Process Management Guild]], and each of the higher order [[IPD Teams]].

While the PM and and the IPD Teams each have direct responsibilities to the [[Receiver]] as outlined in their [[Agreements]], they have collectively understood that integration and synthesis of ideas before recommendations are made to the [[Receiver]] is true to the spirit of integrated delivery.

Each of the IPD Teams contributes various resources to the [[Core Enterprise]]. Because the Core Enterprise is essentially "overhead" to the operatios of the distributed network of IPD Teams, the PM will continually undertake the appropriate series of "right-sizing" resource efforts to bring only necessary resources and disciplines to the CE. The CE should also include representatives of all stakeholder groups, as well as wise council and consultants across various domains of insight and expertise.

The [[Core Enterprise]] can be thought of as a central executive, leadership, and coordination element of the [[Federation]].

As such, it should learn from the central coordinating bodies of various federations such as the United States, Mondragon, the European Union, the United Nations, and other similar federal bodies.

It bears repeating, that this organization should remain as small as practical to accomplish its functions, and that the functions assigned to it by the [[Receiver]] should remain as few as are practical.

Among other responsibilities, the Core Enterprise will participate in continuously improving and clarifyig the [[Meta Project Program Statement]], the wisdom and design of [[The Prototype]], the quality of the deployment [[Infrastructure]], and the quality of this [[Integrated Delivery Guide]].

#### 1.6.6.1 The Structure of the Core Enterprise
The Core Enterprise is not designed to abrogate the individual and local responsibilities of the IPD Teams or other members of the [[Federation]], but rather to provide an umbrella of talented resources to help and guide the decentralized array of autonomous teams, and to consolidate and reflect back out to the [[Federation]] its collective progress and learnings.

It also acts as an advisory group that vets and further develops recommendations of the PM from multiple perspectives before they are forwarded to the [[Receiver]].
