# 1.7 Integrated Delivery
## 1.3.1 What is Integrated Delivery? 
Integrated Delivery is a philosophic approach for designing a production or delivery system that maximizes [[Value]] creation, while progressively eliminating [[Waste]]. 

[[Value]] can be defined as [[Throughput]] of the [[Goal]] of the [[System]]. 

Simply put, Integrated Delivery uses lean design-build principles in a process-centered approach to developing and delivering a program of action.  Lean principles were originally implemented in manufacturing and first “discovered” by experts reviewing and documenting the Toyota Production System.  Toyota had shown great success with a new and different type of production line that required each step in the process to produce _only what was needed by the next step in the process_ and to view anything else as waste.  The behaviors and tools used by Toyota were documented and used to define a _lean_ _system_.

Subsequently, it has been discovered that these principles closely map to the way that living systems operate. Over time, the goal of the [[Lionsberg Integrated Delivery System]] is to continually merge the creative capacity of humanity towards harmony with the way Creation itself creates.  

**_The essence of Lean Integrated Project Delivery is to view any program of action as a UNIFIED SYSTEM properly designed to produce throughput of THE GOAL into reality. The Goal is to bring the Design Intent, as articulated in the plans and specification, and as understood through discernment and collaboration, into reality._** 

In the 1990s, various people in the Architecture, Engineering, and Construction industry began developing independent strategies for applying lean principles in the delivery of construction projects. 

When applied to construction, lean changes a project from a combination of activities to a system of dependent and variable tasks that must be managed based upon the unique human interactions that support work being done. In short, it transforms the [[Program of Action]] into a [[Goal Delivery System]]. 

The idea of a **_design build program as a system_** requires all participants to focus on the [[Flow of Work]] on the **_entire project_** and not just for activity optimization within their own silo. **_It requires that all participants work together collaboratively to optimize at the highest level, rather than sub-optimizing at the local level_**.  _Lean Project Delivery_, a term used to describe the application of lean to design-build projects, establishes a project where the owner, the design team, the builder and operational personnel work together to design a project that delivers the owner’s identified goals.  Thinking of a design-build project as a single collective enterprise requires readjusting traditional notions of project delivery and economy.  Like lean manufacturing systems, lean construction and Integrated Project Delivery embraces very specific behaviors and tools, which have a substantially beneficial effect on the entire project.

For the human species at this moment in history, if we do not rapidly embrace a higher order methodology to optimize at the highest integrated level for the wellbeing of [[All]], we will fail.

Let’s not fail.

## 1.7.2 The Five Big Ideas
As lean ideas were being implemented in manufacturing and construction, a set of foundational principles - the Five Big Ideas - were developed and clarified. 

1. Collaborate. Really collaborate. 
2. Increase Right-Relatedness among all [[Participants]]. 
3. Programs are [[Network of Commitments|Networks of Commitments]]
4. Optimize for the [[Whole]], not the pieces. 
5. Tightly couple [[Learning]] with Action. 

## 1.7.3 The Structure 
To implement the [[Five Big Ideas of Integrated Delivery]], the [[Program of Action]] needs a Structure purpose-built to create the conditions and incentives for this type of collaboration and relationship to flourish. See [[Provisional Structure]]. 

## 1.7.4 The Code
To implement the [[Five Big Ideas of Integrated Delivery]], the [[Program of Action]] needs not only a [[Provisional Structure|Structure]], but also a Behavioral and Cultural Code that makes Integrated Delivery possible. See [[Provisional Code]]. 

## 1.7.5 Integrated Delivery Behaviors and Cultural Code
Integrated Delivery requires specific behaviors and cultural norms in order to succeed.  These behaviors support a change in mindset **FROM** individual contracts and [[Self Optimization]]  **TO** a collective endeavor and global optimization.  Collaboration, trust, commitment-based management and continuous improvement are all behaviors required of each individual in an [[Integrated Delivery Environment]].  

Yet we know that laws and contracts are merely the faintest restraints on our worst impulses. It is hard to enforce behavior with laws and contracts. #principle 

When required “behaviors” are seen as the tools used to drive [[Value]] to the endeavor and drive waste and frustration out, they become more pragmatic strategies than social engineering. People need to see the pragmatic value in choosing one set of behaviors over another.

**_These behaviors are valuable because they lead to the collaboration and communication that is necessary to make any complex project successful_**.

Lean Integrated Delivery cultivates the development of teamwork, and a balancing of risks and burdens across the entire [[Integrated Delivery System]]. Right collaborative relationships coupled with lean integrated thinking make rapid iteration and implementation possible. While the relational and cultural side promotes the building of trust, the lean process side promotes the building of quality and reliability. These two go together, as ongoing reliabillity in the [[Network of Commitments]] made and kept is another cornerstone of building trust. Trust as a human attitude arises in conditions of safety and reliability. Reliability comes from the way systems are designed, implemented, and operated, and from the ability of the people operating the systems to understand how their actions affect the Whole. 

Integrated Delivery requires people to focus on **_system performance_**, not just siloed performance.  

The [[Meta Project]] is focused on the total performance of the [[Human System]] and [[Living System]] at the highest possible level. Reliability is created by people making and keeping commitments to get work done within a properly designed system and structure; Lean Integrated Delivery views a project as a **_network of commitments_**, the fulfillment of each making the follow-on performance possible.

These commitments an be **statistically measured within a [[Percent Promises Kept]]** framework that drives [[Accountability]] throughout the System, with a particular focus on the [[Handoff Points]] between teams.

Finally, people and systems are not infallible.  Outcomes will not always match expectations.  Hence, the team must be structured to learn rapidly from [[Variance Between Expected And Actual Outcomes]]. 

Critical behaviors necessary for Integrated Delivery to be successful include:

-   Collaboration
-   Trust
-   Commitment-Based Management
-   Continuous Improvement

### 1.7.5.1 Collaboration
Given the [[Shift In Mindset]] from “silo” to “system,” lean requires collaboration between all the parties involved with a [[Program of Action]].  **_There is only one program, one intention, one vision, one system, and one goal_**. 

This includes the owner, receiver, program manager, IPD Teams, trade partners, operational personnel, and **_the global community that will inherit and operate the System_**. 

For a team of teams to truly succeed and thrive in Integrated Delivery, collaboration must go far beyond intellectual assent to “collaborate”, and into the actual behaviors and verbs that constitute "collaborating."

The goal is to forge living entities that are akin to a single organism, collaborating at the deepest cellular / DNA level for the wellbeing of the greater Whole. This is the essence of true [[Higher Order Functional Unity]]. **_True functional unity of the highest order System is very closely related to the Goal_**.

Collaboration includes transparently and freely sharing information (including real-time issues and concerns) with others and learning from the talents, experiences and performance of others. Real collaboration cannot happen without trust amongst the team members.

### 1.7.5.2 Trust
Trust, both organizational and individual, is required for Integrated Delivery.  Trust must be a common thread running through the entire program and will provide the foundation for [[Collaboration]].  Trust is essentially a decision each person on the project makes every day to trust the other participants. 

Trust requires that we count on the inner sense of responsiblity, integrity, and capability, having faith that others will choose to act in a trustworthy manner, while simutaneously recognizing the possibility that they may choose to betray the faith trust we have placed in them. 

Since each participant is asked to focus on project goals and continuous [[Flow of Work]] through the entire Program, each must be empowered by their organization to interweave the short term goals of the organization with the long term goals of both the project and the overarching Program. 

Trust is realized through fulfilling commitments.  Commitments form the basis of communication between team members.  Team members must request clear and realistic commitments, strive to keep their own commitments, and timely notify team members if a commitment cannot be met.  **_An Integrated Delivery System becomes_** **_a network of commitments that depends upon all participants keeping their commitments (i.e., being trustworthy and reliable)_**. Because policing of individual activities wastes time and effort, team members must rely upon others to honor commitments or to immediately notify the team when confidence is lost in the ability to deliver as promised.

### 1.7.5.3 Commitment Based Management
[[Requests]] and [[Commitments]] between team members are the basis of communication within Lean Integrated Delivery.  **_Simply stated, one party makes a request and another commits to fulfilling that request according to mutually agreed upon [[Conditions of Satisfaction]]_**.  Conditions of Satisfaction are critical to ensuring that both parties understand what satisfaction of the request actually means. This discipline helps avoid miscommunications that erode trust. Commitments are tracked from request to completion in order to promote [[Transparency]] and to allow the team to collectively learn from breakdowns.

### 1.7.5.4 Continuous Improvement 
The [[Attend-Plan-Do-Learn-Act/Adjust]] (APDLA) cycle is at the heart of lean problem analysis, resolution and continuous improvement.  APDLA starts with noting issues and opportunities, examining an existing process, condition or standard procedure and then refining and improving it to create a new standard.  APDLA consists of five stages, including:

1. **Attend** - Pay attention and notice issues and opportunities
2. **Plan** - Investigate the [[Root Cause]] of a issue, and propose a hypothesis for its modification or resolution
3. **Do** - Perform a test implementation of the plan on a small scale
4. **Learn** - Assess the results of the test, and analyze any [[Variance Between Expected And Actual Outcomes]]
5. **Act / Adjust** 
	1. If the results are satisfactory, implement the plan
	2. If the results are not satisfactory, refine the plan / hypothesis and repeat the cycle until satisfactory results are achieved. 
	3. The new improvement becomes the new standard, and process begins again to attain the next improvement. In [[Continuous Improvement]], there is always another improvement to make, always a way to "get a little better every day."

Part of Lean Integrated Delivery is collecting and sharing information on lessons learned throughout the life of the Program.  In lean terms, this is described as [[Continuous Learning]].  Continuous learning adds [[Value]] to the owner as it affects every area of program development and implementation including prototype design, procurement decisions, fiscal reporting, safety and quality issues, project delivery methods, materials choices, vendor offerings, site selections, and operational efficiencies. The idea here is to reflect regularly on circumstances as they develop and to rapidly implement improvement ideas.

**_Integrated Delivery includes the documentation of lessons learned, so that all team members have access to and can share information. Lessons learned should be rapidly shared and propagated across all instantiations of the System_**. 

Numerous tools are used to document lessons learned.  Examples include the use of technology, such as Building Information Modeling (BIM) and cost modeling to continuously capture design choices and update budgets.  A3s, a tool used in lean to analyze and document issues, also become a valuable library of information for all team members.  Social networking software ensures informal knowledge management and sharing between team members.

## 1.7.6 Integrated Delivery and Lean Tools
Integrated Delivery Systems have adapted tools used by lean practitioners in improving [[Value]] creation and eliminating [[Waste]] through design, implementation, and operations. 

[[Tools]] are only used in lean Integrated Delivery Systems where they add [[Value]] to the [[Program]]. Tools used improperly or merely for form create Waste, not Value. Thus, lean tools are efficiency tools used to enhance wise decision making by ensuring transparency and thoroughness.  Each tool relates to one or more of the [[Attend-Plan-Do-Learn-Act/Adjust]] cycles, and is described more fully below.

### 1.7.6.1 A3 Reports
A3 is simply a reference to the size of an 11x17 piece of paper. 

An A3 report is a way of organizing and analyzing issues that requires the team to implement the discipline of the scientific method represented by the [[Attend-Plan-Do-Learn-Act/Adjust]] cycle.  This system rigorously distills the background, the problem, the current state, the future desired state and the proposed counter-measures to get to the future state all on a single, 11” by 17” piece of paper.  

The purpose of the A3 process is to structure efficient and effective dialogue, in a way that creates the opportunity for deep understanding and agreement. The resulting genuine communication and dialogue leads to better decisions, in which the proposed countermeasures are more likely to succeed, because they are based on [[Evidence]] gathered from the people actually performing the work. 

### 1.7.6.2 Root Cause Analysis and the 5 Whys
The [[5 Why]] process is a method of [[Root Cause Analysis]] that consists of asking enough questions to find the root cause or defect in a system.  It is based on the scientific method and in that way resembles the [[Attend-Plan-Do-Learn-Act/Adjust]] cycle.  Asking “why” a problem exists at least five times often drives the investigator towards the real answer.  The “real answer” is important so that appropriate countermeasures can be adopted to resolve the issue. Far too often, anticipated countermeasures do not alter reality in the way we intend because they are targeted at symptoms, rather than the true [[Root Cause]]. 

Applying a “rote” 5-why analysis is susceptible to criticism in that people tend to stop at symptoms of the problem rather than delve deeper to the root cause.  Moreover, investigators are limited by their current knowledge and often will not find causes that they do not already know about or can not imagine exist.  Finally, the tendency to “isolate a single root cause” may not be appropriate where each question “could elicit many different root causes.” Like all lean tools, “5-Whys” is a means to an end, not the end in itself. It exists merely to challenge investigators to look deeper. It is up to the investor to ensure they look deeply enough. 

### 1.7.6.3 Value Stream Mapping
Value Stream Mapping is an important tool that analyzes processes step by step.  The “current” state of the process is mapped graphically.  Then the participants in that process eliminate those steps that do not add [[Value]] to the process (e.g. redundant reviews, additional paper copies, waiting for multiple approvals).  [[Value Stream Mapping]] not only streamlines processes but also offers tangible benefits in reducing the space and resoures required to house and operate a process. 

Value steam mapping is critical since the entire System is designed to measure and incentivize the creation of [[Value]], and eliminate [[Waste]].

### 1.7.6.4 Planning Systems
Lean Project Delivery presupposes that reliable workflow is based upon [[Commitments]] being requested, made, and kept.  In turn, commitments must be planned and re-planned as events inevitably unfold in ways that are different than the plan.  

A [[Planning System]] is a system or process that defines how one engages in planning.  T

One example is [[Responsibility-Based Project Delivery]]. This is a flexible process particularly appropriate for iterative practices.  

Another example is the [[Last Planner System]] (LPS), which organizes production processes.  LPS presupposes that the person handing off the work is responsible for its completion and its readiness as it transitions to the next skilled craftsman. This makes each Actor the "last planner" before work is accepted and taken up by the Actor.  Both systems are described in more depth later in this Guide. See (X).

These systems dovetail into one another, and can be iterated upon and used in conjunction. 

### 1.7.6.5 Quick Fixes
IPD Team members are encouraged to constantly look for better ways of doing their work Every member of every team must be empowered to make the necessary changes required to "get a little better every day". Ideally, each Participant should also be encouraged through incentives to implement these quick fixes and report their results to their co-workers and the [[Core Enterprise]] as part of continuous learning and improvement.

### 1.7.6.6 Advantage Based Decision Making
Advantage based decision making is a process used to isolate advantages and select superior alternatives.  The process is recorded for future reference so that a record is developed supporting important decisions.  

The documentation of not only what the decision was made, but WHY… including what the next best alternatives were and why they were rejected, is critical to the knowledge, learning, and continuity between generations in the IPD teams and Global Community.

The best known advantage based decision making system is _Choosing by Advantages_ (“CBA”), a system that assumes that choices are made based only on the importance of advantages, rather than a calculation of the differences between advantages and disadvantages.  CBA recognizes that no decisions are truly objective.  Its goal is to establish and record the considerations that lead to important decisions.  Graphic records of CBA sessions are maintained as part of the Project Record.

### 1.7.6.7 BIM and Real-time Estimating
Building Information Modeling (BIM) is an assemblage of software programs that coordinate design and estimation on the Program.  

Architectural drawing and rendering software coordinates in 3D and 4D to assist planners, designers and contractors to determine inconsistencies and “clashes” in design.  

It also ensures that changes in a plan change all of the related items in other plans and budgets.  This enables the Team to avoid rework and allows real-time estimating as changes to the plans and design occur. 

### 1.7.6.8 Retrospectives
Retrospectives are organized, regularly scheduled, facilitated sessions that provide team members the opportunity to identify what works and what does not, and what can be done better in the future.  

The retrospective format ensures that all responsible viewpoints are aired and recorded.  Retrospectives proactively focus on developing new approaches to identified problems.  Periodically, team members take time to evaluate past activities and identify successes and areas for improvement.  

### 1.7.6.9 Continuous Improvement
[[Continuous Improvement]] is a philosophy for taking advantage of the lessons learned from planning, design and implementation, and communicating and preserving the learnings and countermeasures devised over time.  

It creates an institutional [[Value]] by constantly re-evaluating all Systems to see how they can be improved.  Continuous improvement is at the heart of “lean philosophy”, and is akin to the way that the information contained in the DNA of life progressively tests and improves itself across time. 

### 1.7.7 The Business Case For Integrated Delivery
A purpose of this Guide is to instruct IPD Teams, on-site workers and trade partners in how the Program is to be delivered.  Because lean design-build principles and Integrated Delivery processes are relatively new, it is important to understand that there is deep wisdom in this tradition, and more than mere contractual reasons for implementing these principles. When the future of life on earth hangs in the balance, operating in the wisest and most effective way we possibly can is of utmost importance. It is for this very reason this System has been articulated. 

Traditionally, projects have been delivered by separate groups of companies held together by a series of contracts.  The interest of each company was in fulfilling its distinct contractual obligations and earning as much money as it could within the confines of its discrete contract. 

This same logic can be found in competing non-profit organizations, government institutions, nation-states, and ideological or relgious denominations of various types. The emphasis has been on the self-interested completion of siloed activities without an eye towards overall quality, cost or safety across the Whole.  Waste, cost overruns, and injury on such projects is relatively predictable. It is easy to see how this applies to Worksite: Earth as a whole.

The Integrated Delivery model changes the focus of the discrete teams.  It creates a single team from the earliest planning stages that carries on through design, implementation, and activation.  It provides for three connected opportunities on projects.  First, it allows all members of the project team the opportunity for impeccable coordination of the work between them.  Second, it views projects not as discrete tasks to be accomplished, but rather as a large *production system* that can be as efficient and predictable as a manufacturing assembly line.  Finally, it gives the parties the opportunity to view **_the project as a collective enterprise, one in which they all have a stake_**. **_There is only one vision. One intention. One planet. One goal. One highest intention and greatest good for the best and highest future of life aboard Worksite: Earth._**

IPD makes projects more predictable and hence safer.  It uses cost up-front as design criterion rather than as support for a back-end claim.  It drives efficiency into the process, thus increasing value to the owner and driving out wasteful redundancy (rework, trade damage, etc.). It improves quality by making each trade responsible for assuring that the work of the trade that came before it meets the project’s quality standards.  All project participants have a joint financial interest in assuring that the project is delivered on time, on or under budget and without claims.   Those are the promises of lean and IPD, but how do these principles work to make that happen?

Lean construction seeks to eliminate non value-adding activities, promote “flow” and make “conversion” activities more efficient.

[[Flow of Work]] refers to the movement of information and resources through networks of autonomous specialists. [[Conversion Activities]] are the many different transformations that that occur on projects, for instance transforming or converting framing to drywall. Lean Integrated Delivery concentrates on the [[Flow of Work]] through subsequent transformations, to prevent Actors from waiting on work, and to prevent work from waiting on Actors. [[Continuous Improvement]] continuously improves [[Throughput]] of these flows. 

Concurrent design of the [[Program]], [[Project]], and [[Process]] levels means that the design of “what” is to be built reflects deep consideration and optimization of “how” it will be built and operated.  Integrated Delivery  recognizes that the quality and success of the “end” goal is already inherent in the “means” used to get there.

Thus, lean design incorporates work structuring, strategic sourcing, materials procurement and flow, built-in quality and safety as design elements.  Finally, production control through something like the Last Planner System and lessons learned will continually inform goal delivery so no “conversion” is lost or missing but so that every failure in “conversion” is immediately fixed by adjusting the flow on the project. 

The planning and promising of what work will be completed is done every day, on the front lines where the work will be done, by those who will do it, through the [[Last Planner System]]. 

The milestones created through [[Pull Planning]] processes, and the corresponding promises made through the Last Planners, form the basis of the logical [[Network of Commitments]] that produce [[Throughput]] of the [[Goal]]. 

Commitments that cannot be met mean that the team meets to adjust the plan and the subsequent [[Handoff Points]] of the work.  The master schedule is not adjusted in the traditional way of adding six days to the end date when six days are lost in any one “conversion.”  Rather, schedule items are de-coupled and the work re-planned in ways to maximize flow across the Program and prevent key [[Milestones|Milestone]] dates from slipping.

Program participants must understand how and why these processes work and be skilled in making them happen.  [[Mentor]] and [[Education]] of new Actors is addressed at each local work site, as well as on the level of the Whole. **_But the essential responsibility to participate in these processes—to make the Program a success and thereby ensure the success of all Participants—lies with each individual on every Project._**  The [[Network of Commitments]] starts and ends with the performance of individuals against the thousands of every day promises made by people on the Project, and their commitment to accomplish those promises in accordance with the IPD Behaviors and Cultural Code.

## 1.7.8 Target Value Design
One of the most important processes in the Program’s design is the use of cost as a design criterion.  That process is implemented through [[Target Value Design]] (TVD), a collaborative design process involving designers, builders, suppliers, estimators, and owners to collaboratively produce a design that provides the best value for the owner, in this case the [[Meta Community]].  

Through this process, the team designs to the budget instead of the conventional process of designing, then estimating the cost of the design, and then re-designing to eliminate overruns. Critically, this prevents the loss of precious time during the design phase that far too often results from designers designing something that is too expensive to build, and then going back to do rework. It also saves the cost associated with this [[Rework]]. 

**_Remember – with the future of life on earth hanging in the balance, a day lost in planning or design is the same as a day lost in implementing._**

Once the expected cost is validated, a target cost is set to create a sense of necessity in driving further costs out of the project through a Target Value Design process.  

The TVD process evolves through four phases with four different goals:

**Phase 1: Planning / Programming** - Goal: Right solution, right fit.

**Phase 2: Design** - Goal: Optimizing Systems and the Whole

**Phase 3: Detailing** - Goal: Optimizing Parts

**Phase 4: Production Planning** - Goal: Optimizing [[Flow of Work]], productivity, and pre-fabrication. 

This stands in stark contrast to the [[Old World]] methods where designers designed in isolation, and then put their designs “out to bid”. Involving the design, estimating, build, and operations teams throughout the entire process ensures that all aspects of design, buildability, and operational efficiency are optimized in harmony with one another from the start.

Lean Integrated Delivery is not just a “new and improved” project delivery method.  It is a valuable **_process for maximizing [[Value]] to all participants on the Program while simultaneously eliminating [[Waste]]_**.  Given the unprecedented global scale of the Meta Project and the disarray in current global coordination, it is a process that is necessary, timely, and well-suited to task at hand. 