# Jonathan 2022-07-11
I propose definitions for these pages:

- [[All]]  

**All** means trees, rocks, low income folks, wealthy folks, water.

- [[Meta Idea]]  

The **Meta Idea** is: We are wise. We make everything work smoothly, efficiently, benevolently, fast.

- [[Meta Intention]]  

Our **Meta Intention** is that every aspect of the [[Meta Project]] shall be ethical, wise, transparent, and humane. This means new ways of going about being human. We will incorporate them deeply, influencing everything.

- [[Meta Project]]  

The **Meta Project** is a fund generator for those projects which solve big problems or for components needed by them. Every aspect shall be ethical, wise, transparent, and humane. This means new ways of going about being human. We will incorporate them deeply, influencing everything.

- [[One Thing]]  

**One Thing** is: We are wise. We make everything work smoothly, efficiently, benevolently, fast. Each of us is unique and well regarded. Everything and everyone matters. We play well with others.

- regarding the suggestion box process

I agree wholeheartedly that cohesiveness and consistency must be ensured. This is serious business. We are talking about billions of dollars, so I get that we need to be credible and the opposite of a mish-mash.

At risk of oversimplifying it, I'd like to frame this as being about operationalizing our creativity, in spirit with the meta project. I have a concern that this process may stifle creativity by adding extra steps for the author and for the architect function and multiple copies of material. We are all good thinkers here, so I have two questions for you. Do we think our creative activities should be smooth, light and simple, so we can focus massively on being creative? Do we think our creativity can and should be nurtured, coached, guided, and ultimately set free to collaborate as a whole?

So, I wonder about adding a **vigilant editing team** watching all pushed changes and editing them as needed. With each edit, they offer a conference with, or a message to, the author (nurturing guidance). Would this be less overall effort for greater overall benefit? @peterkaminski Can github help? We could use pull requests, but would that also mean we would not be able to see the changes live, or too complicated/ridiculous if we have a staging site?