# 16. Traps and Pitfalls to Avoid

As we begin our collective [[Quest]] to confront and overcome the [[Meta Crisis]], halt [[The Advance of The Giants]], and co-create the [[New World]], it is important to remain aware of potential traps and pitfalls that could hinder our [[Progress]] along the [[Critical Path]] towards [[The Goal]]. Here are some common ones to avoid:

1.  **Short-term thinking:** It is important to keep the long-term goals and values of [[The Movement]] in mind and to avoid being swayed by short-term gains or losses.
    
2.  **Self-optimizing:** While self-improvement and individual and local transformation is crucial to Progress, it is crucial to remember that the [[The Goal]] of Lionsberg is collective transformation and co-creating a better future for all generations of life. 
    
3.  **Complacency:** Progress towards the the [[New Vision and Plan]] can only be achieved through consistent effort and action. Complacency can lead to stagnation and a failure to realize the full potential of the community and [[The Movement]].
    
4.  **Cynicism:** Negative attitudes can undermine the positivity and collaborative spirit of Lionsberg. It's important to remain optimistic and open-minded, even in the face of inevitable challenges and setbacks.
    
5.  **Lack of retrospection and adaptation:** Regular reflection on past actions and outcomes is important for course correction and continuous improvement across every fractal level of [[The Movement]]. 
    
6.  **Blind spots and unintended consequences:** Even with the best intentions, actions can have unintended consequences. It's important to remain vigilant and consider all potential outcomes, and ensure that actions and progress are made in a decentralized manner that does not create systemic collapse or suffering. 
    
7.  **Top-down or centralized control:** Lionsberg is built on the principles of distributed authority and decision-making. Top-down or centralized control can stifle innovation and creativity, and should be resisted at all costs throughout every Domain of Responsibility and Authority. Liberty or Death. 
    
8.  **Lack of diversity and inclusivity:** A diverse and inclusive community is essential for ensuring that all voices are heard, all perspectives are considered, and [[The Future]] we co-create works for all generations of life. 
    
9.  **Overemphasis on technology:** While technology can be a powerful tool for positive change, it's important to ensure that it aligns with the values and goals of Lionsberg and does not become an end in itself. Depending on how the [[Meta Crisis]] and [[The Battle]] unfolds, groups or entire regions of the world may lose access to technology for prolonged periods of time. For this reason [[The Game]] is designed to be able to be played through purely human interaction at the local level, with no technology whatsoever required. 
    
10.  **Failing to keep the One Thing that Unites us All at the center:** The Lionsberg vision is built on the recognition that all humans and the Living System share a common Source and a common Goal, which are [[ONE]].  Failure to continually keep this [[ONE]] central organizing relationship in mind will inevitably lead to misalignment, division, failure, and suffering.
    
11.  **Confusing activity for value creation:** Busywork and unproductive actions burn resources, clog the System, and can distract from the true Value creation that Lionsberg citizens are working together towards. Value is That Which Creates Throughput of the [[Critical Path]] towards [[The Goal]]. 
    
12.  **Creating dependencies or losing sovereignty over the critical path towards The Goal:** It's important to ensure that the Lionsberg community remains self-sufficient and sovereign in its pursuit of the shared Vision and Goal. Dependencies on outside entities or loss of sovereignty will hinder progress and compromise the integrity of the community and [[The Movement]]. 
    
13. **Factions and Divisions**: Strive to avoid creating or perpetuating factions or divisions within the community or [[The Movement]], as these erode the unity, cooperation, and shared purpose required to succeed and avoid failure on the [[Quest]] towards [[The Goal]].  
    
14. **Allowing any individual to team to become a bottleneck**: In order to avoid potential single points of failure or blockage, it's important to ensure that no single individual or entity becomes a bottleneck in the Lionsberg system. As founder Jordan is a likely candidate to become a bottleneck if we are not careful; stay autonomous and move freely in service of The Goal! 

By remaining aware of these potential traps and pitfalls, Lionsberg citizens can work together more effectively towards a brighter and more regenerative future for All, without becoming encumbered by known patterns of failure.

____
Forward to [[17.  Conclusion - The Power of Unity and Shared Values on Our Collective Journey]]     
Back to [[15.  Taking Action - Simple Steps to Make a Difference]]   
Back to Table of Contents [[Lionsberg, Simple and Clear]]