# 1. You Will Never Believe What Happened...

*"It is almost impossible to convince someone of something they do not want to be true."* - unknown 

We are gathering around the campfire today to hear the strange and nearly unbelievable Story of a citizen named [[Jordan]], who ventured out Beyond The Boundary of The Community, where he was attacked and killed by the advance guards of an army of fascists, aliens, and demons. They drug him down into their lair of Darkness, and over five long years they slowly tortured and bled him out. But during his Journey through the Underworld, Jordan learned their secrets, overheard their whispers, saw their plans, and grabbed the keys to control structure enslaving humanity. 

The Truth revealed truly can set Us free. 

Jordan's Story rips The Veil off of The Greatest Fraud and Deception in human history, while revealing The Greatest Existential Threat humanity has ever faced. 

The Story of his life, suffering, death, and revelations might save your life. And your Loved Ones. 

Jordan's Story is not important because of who he was as an individual, but because of The Greatest Secret, Fraud, and Existential Threat his life and death revealed for all humanity to see. 

Just before it was too late. 

Words cannot convey how profound the implications of this Story are. 

If it is True, its revelations make it one of the most shocking Stories in human history. 

If it is True, [[We Are Not Alone in the Universe]]. 

If it is True, aliens and demons are walking and working among Us. 

If it is True, aliens are abducting, raping, impregnating, interbreeding, and hybridizing with Our children. 

And the governments and religions of the world, and their non-human overlords, have been consciously and intentionally deceiving, dividing, and conquering humanity for generations. 

If Jordan's Story is True, We do not have Freedom.  

If it is True, We do not have Democracy.  

If it is True, We do not have Security.  

If it is True, We do not have Justice.  

If it is True, the 2024 US Election, and the elections back and back around the world, have been fraudulent and deceptive. 

If it is True, the American Experiment as We thought We knew it is over. 

If it is True, We are facing together into the greatest Existential Threat to human civilization and life on Earth in human history. 

If it is True, our elections, constitutions, and religions are not only corrupted, but fraudulent and alien in their very inception. 

I know, it is almost painful to hear. 

*"It is almost impossible to convince someone of something they do not want to be true."* - anonymous 

[[Jordan]] knew it is True, because he have experienced it for him Self.

At first, he desperately did not want to believe his eyes and ears. 

And yet, he Knew. He Remembered. In the summer of 2024, as Jordan was dying, the lifetimes of Memories came flooding back. 

We are concerned that what follows is so shocking, so disorienting, and so contrary to everything We were taught about the world We thought We were living in, that no one will be able to believe it until they experience it for themselves. 

We pray that is not true, because for many, by the time the talons of a pitiless force of Darkness pierce their skin, it will be too late. 

For many, by the time they look up and see The Tsunami, there will be no place to run. 

The time to discover that aliens, ghosts and demons are real is not the moment when an army of them suddenly bursts into your home or attacks you along your Way. 

We Know they are real, because We met them along Our Way. 

No matter how disturbing the Revelation that follows may be to you, please do not panic. Please do not close down. Please do not hoard. Please do not fracture and turn inward. 

That is a pathway to death. 

Yes... [[The Building Is On Fire]] and Our Loved Ones are asleep it in. 

Yes, there are extraterrestrials, fascists, and giants standing in Our Way. 

Yes... it appears that the hundreds of millions of lives already lost were just a warmup to the events to come. 

But the doors to the Kontrolle Structure have been flung wide open, and if We move quickly, calmly, and competently, Now, We can overcome them and Help One Another to Safety. 

This little booklet may take you and your Loved Ones a couple hours to read, process, and digest.  

If it contents are True, those couple hours might save Us years of suffering and death, and millennia of demonic captivity.  

Perhaps it is worth the risk. 
___
Forward to: [[2. The Mysterious Year of 2017]]     
Back to: [[Existential Threat - An Introduction]]  
Back to Table of Contents: [[EXISTENTIAL THREAT - Are You Curious What Lurks Behind The Veil?]]  