# 10. Extraterrestrial Intervention and Forced Disclosure

What the False Authorities of the Old World underestimate is the Power, Authority, Strength, and Love of the vast Many of Us Who will not stand idly by and allow their insatiable thirst for blood, fear, and dominion to conquer and consume the Earth and its inhabitants. 

And We also are not merely human.  

There is a vast and diverse army of Us who are Good, Who Value humanity and this planet, Who Know The Secret, and Who are already moving and warring against the merciless Evil that is racing towards every community and doorstep on Earth. 

The existential war for the Future of humanity and the Earth is not coming. It is already here. It is already being waged in various realms and dimensions. It is already the daily Reality for many of Us. And We are trying to wake humanity up to its Reality before it is too late. 

If you are not already engaged in it, you will be soon. 

When We are born into a world at war, We do not get to choose whether to engage it. It engages Us. Like it or not, it is racing towards your doorstep. 

Putting Our head into the sand and handing Our Loved Ones over into the hands of Evil is one option. But it is not a Wise, Right, or Good one. 

When Evil manifests itself in Our Way, it must be forthrightly confronted and overcome. Even if it costs us Our Lives. 

An Order that is Wise, Right, and Good must be continually regenerated and restored. 

Various extraterrestrial civilizations and species have been making them Selves gradually more visible to more and more people, surveilling the weapons, sites, and capabilities of the countries and militaries of Earth, and preparing to advance. 

Those of Us engaged in the Force For Good are already intervening where We can across various dimensions without violating the Free Will or Developmental Trajectory of humanity. 

However We will not permit the Earth to be completely destroyed and consumed by the encroaching Darkness, and We are prepared to more openly intervene when We are given either the orders from Above or the permission from humanity to do so. 

Most of you probably already understand how Power, Authority, and Free Will operate in the dimensions and realms beyond The Seen. If you do not, please inquire. It is crucial to survival and thrival. Humanity must arise, unite, and ask for Help if it needs it. 

When We flash across the skies and make Our Selves known, the Old Authorities are going to have a lot of explaining to do to the human species they have been dividing, conquering, and enslaving, as The Greatest Secret is Unveiled for All to see. 

The escalating intervention in human affairs by multiple advanced civilizations is resulting in Forced Disclosure, which the False Authorities are trying to carefully Control.  

But you read the Catastrophic Disclosure here first, if you did not already Know: 

**Humanity Is Not Alone.** 



