# 11. The Prosaic Reality of Extraterrestrial and Ultradimensional Life and Consciousness On And Beyond Earth

For generations, if the headline **WE ARE NOT ALONE** flashed across the front page of the Old News feeds, it would have been extraordinary. 

For many of the billions of humans still asleep in the Kontrolle Structure, it still will be.  

However the purpose of sharing Jordan's Story is to get the pragmatic acknowledgement of Extraterrestrial and Ultradimensional Life and Consciousness on and Beyond the Earth, our solar system, and our galaxy behind Us. 

BOOM. The flash of Lightening occurs. The loudest thunder clap We have heard shakes us to the very core. Our lives and our world will never be the same. 

**WE ARE NOT ALONE.**

Catastrophic Disclosure. 

Now, it is The Moment After. 

The Unveiling has occurred. 

The Revelation has made itself Known. 

And Now, We find Our Selves face to face with the greatest Existential Threat in millennia. 

Now, We must quickly and consciously CHOOSE Who We Should Become and What We Should Do in Light of All We are coming to Know. 

It is the most important moment in Human History. Humanity must Now Consciously Decide Who It Will Become. 

There are many courageous and intrepid souls who, since at least the 1940s and 1950s, have been dedicating and sacrificing lives to unveil the Truth that **Humanity Is Not Alone**. 

We honor them. We honor their sacrifice. We celebrate their lifetimes of dedication. We celebrate their deep expertise and Knowledge. 

Their thousands of books, interviews, podcasts, articles, and speeches courageously reveal various facets of the Truth that **for millennia, highly advanced non-human intelligences thousands, millions, and in some cases billions of years more advanced than humanity, who have figured out how to come and go from planets and star systems at will, have been warring over the Earth and manipulating its affairs**. 

Over a thousand highly credible whistleblowers have risked their lives, reputations, and resources to expose the simple reality that the false political and religious authorities of the Old World have been systematically, consciously, and intentionally lying to, deceiving, exploiting, and preying upon humanity and life on Earth for far longer than any human on Earth has been alive. 

Jordan could not believe that these realities were True, and it cost him his life. 

Millions of dollars and tens of thousands of hours were poured into an education that served him well in the world he thought he was living in. 

Then a cold, alien, demonic Evil manifested in his Way and attacked. He was in total disbelief. He refused to believe it could actually be. He needed to know, and experience, how far they were willing to go in their lies, deceit, and destruction. He needed to Know what We were up against. 

For five long years, he allowed him Self to suffer in its clutches, experiencing its Reality, until finally, all that remained were the ashes of a young Life destroyed. 

**Now We are on the other side.** 

**Now We are rising from the ashes.** 

Now, We have admitted the shockingly-prosaic Reality of a diverse panoply of Extraterrestrial and Ultradimensional Life and Consciousness On Earth and Beyond. 

**WHAT DOES IT MEAN? WHO ARE THEY? WHERE ARE THEY FROM? WHAT DO THEY WANT? WHO AMONG THEM IS HERE TO HELP US, AND WHO AMONG THEM IS HERE TO DECEIVE, ENSLAVE OR PREY UPON US?**

**WHAT IS THE CHARACTER AND NATURE OF THE EXISTENTIAL THREAT THAT ALL HUMANITY IS FACING TOGETHER?**

**HOW NOW SHALL WE BE, AND WHAT NOW SHALL WE DO, IN LIGHT OF ALL WE ARE COMING TO KNOW?** 

These are some of the crucial questions that We must rapidly advance towards, now that We have accepted the prosaic Reality that **WE ARE NOT ALONE**. 

____

Forward to: [[12. From the Lips of the Authorities Themselves]]        
Back to: [[10. Extraterrestrial Intervention and Forced Disclosure]]  
Back to Table of Contents: [[EXISTENTIAL THREAT - Are You Curious What Lurks Behind The Veil?]]      


