# 11. From the Lips of the Authorities Themselves

Because you might not have yet experienced angels, demons, aliens, extraterrestrials, and ultra-dimensional beings for your Self...

...and because you have been taught to trust and obey the religious and political authorities... 

...I will take a moment to allow you to hear about this Reality from their lips rather than mine. 

It is a strange trap, because as We advance into Our Future, We will not be able to trust, believe, or rely on "them" in any Way. 

But nevertheless let's listen as they affirm that what Jordan discovered and experienced firsthand on his Journey is, in fact, real. 

We have confirmation of the existence of a diverse array of highly advanced non-human extraterrestrial species via the sight, hearing, smell, touch, and taste of millions of government, military, and civilian witnesses, along with photos, videos, radar, and readings from the most advanced military equipment on our carrier fleets, jets, drones, and satellites, alongside the vast array of purpose-built water, land, air, and space based sensors in the "Immaculate Constellation" revealed in October 2024. 

And we have evidence going back millennia in the Bible and the records and oral traditions of nearly every indigenous tribe and tradition on Earth. 

It is Time to get over the debate on whether human beings are alone in the 

Reporter: "Why do you say that UFOs are as real as the airplanes flying over our heads?"

Response: "Well, because I know that they are, and they have been visiting this planet for **thousands of years**. And there is what is called **a federation** of these people." - Paul Hellyer - former Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Deefense for Canada. 

Former Chief of Israeli Space Security Haim Eshed confirmed that there is indeed **a galactic federation**, that **multiple world leaders and governments are in communication with delegates of this galactic federation**, that **agreements have been signed** with the federation, and that there are **joint bases where extraterrestrial and humans work side by side**. Including on Mars. 

"...the headline hits, "**WE ARE NOT ALONE IN THIS UNIVERSE**." It is preposterous that this is still the superimposed... "government sanctioned" point of view... We have not been introduced to any of this as a world civilization... We are still in a segmented, fragmented world when it comes to any of this information. Leaks give you hints, what we need is the whole truth and the big picture about who is interacting with us, our planet, why, and how many of our own military forces... have been going out to other solar systems since at least 1972... and the disconnect between what human beings may already be existing in other solar systems in a military way, versus a planet that has still not even been told the truth. That disconnect... has to end." - Linda Moulton Howe  

In 2023, in sworn testimony before the United States Congress, senior intelligence officer David Grusch revealed the existence of a multi-decade program to retrieve and reverse engineer alien craft and advanced technologies. He clarified under questioning that the United States was in possession of both extraterrestrial craft and the bodies of the non-human beings who piloted some of the craft. 

We know from an array of other sources that the "biologics" recovered along with the craft were both living and dead. 

Highly decorated military pilot John Lear confirmed at least 30 to 50 alien bodies back in the 1980s. 

House Representative Ogles: Would you have had the ability to defend your crew, your aircraft?  
Graves: Absolutely not. 
Grusch: No. 

David Grusch: The UAP Task Force was refused access to a broad retrieval program. 
Interviewer: We have spacecraft from another species? 
David Grusch: We do. 
Interviewer: How many? 
David: Quite a number. 
Interviewer: You are kidding. 
David. No. I have plenty of current and senior former intelligence officers who came to me, many of which I knew almost my whole career... they provided me... oral testimony... documents... and other proof. 
Interviewer: I have been told there have been attempts to bring down the craft. 
David: There have been instances, and there are, uh, certain techniques. 
Interviewer: Have human beings been hurt or killed by a non-human intelligence. 
David: While I can't get into the specifics... I was briefed... that there were malevolent events like that. 
Interviewer: You are telling us that we are being lied to. 
David: Yes. 

John Lear "One The Record" in 1987: "I'll give you the bottom line... I have found out that the government has retrieved between 10 and 15 actual flying saucers, three of which have been in perfect condition, one of which they tried to fly... they have between 30 and 50 alien bodies in cryogenic storage... they represent at least five different civilizations. Let me read to you what the Air Force says about the bodies.... I am going to read from the Introductory Space Science, Volume II, Department of Physics, United States Air Force Academy. This is Chapter 13 Unidentified Flying Objects. Now this is what the Air Force has the students at the Air Force Academy read. And it says "The most commonly described alien is about three and half feet tall, has a round head, arms reaching to or below his knees, and is wearing a silvery space suit... (the volume continues: "Other aliens appear to be essentially the same as Earthmen, while still others have particularly wise (wrap-around) eyes and mouths with very thin lips. And then there is a rare group reported as about four feet tall...(descriptions continue))... you can pick out an Air Force physics book and read this stuff, and at the end of the chapter, they go on to say "This leaves us with the unpleasant possibility of alien visitors to our planet, or at least of alien controlled UFOs."

On page 466, 33.6 Conclusion, the physics book adds "From available information, the UFO phenomenon appears to have been global in nature for almost 50,000 years.

"The question in my mind is not *what*, but *who*? I know what they are. Hynek knows what they are. The United States Government knows what they are. The Soviet government knows what they are. Everyone who has done any investigation in depth knows what they are." - Dr. Walter Martin 

"I have no doubt whatsoever, zero doubt, that there is an element inside our government structures, that is part of the intelligence community, that is part of the military, that have direct knowledge about the existence of these extraterrestrial beings that are here on the planet. The question then would be, in light of the fact that they know they are here,... that it would be almost *impossible* to believe that they hadn't made efforts to have some kind of communication with them. They aren't just going to let them sit there. They clearly would have made the effort to have communication with them. So the next question you have to ask is, is it reasonable to believe that the beings would have communicated with them? There does seem to be some kind of tacit understanding that they have about being able to coexist in some way, whereby the United States government is not just going to run out say "Hey everybody, there are beings from another star system here on our planet." So they obviously have some kind of protocol established here where they are not going to be revealing it, and the beings themselves are not just going to land in Central Park and tell everybody." - Danny Sheehan  

History Channel Narrator: "J Rod was one of the crash survivors, and worked directly with our own government. Captain Bill Uhouse, a former Navy pilot who later worked for the US Air Force performing experimental testing on aircraft, was assigned to Area 51 in the mid 1960s. He claims he not only studied the craft that crashed in Kingman Arizona, but also had direct contact with J Rod."
Bill Uhouse: "We had a long period of introduction into meeting, you know, an alien... and I called him J Rod, that was the name the linguist gave him. And he'd talk, he would talk, but if you spoke, he would sound just like you... basically it was only engineering or science advice."
Narrator: "There was also another whistleblower by the name of Dan Burish... who said he was hired as a microbiologist to basically care for J Rod, ensuring that he remained healthy, and this went on for years. According to Dan Burish and Bill Uhouse, J Rod was housed in a special underground chamber at Area 51, and there have been numerous other accounts of extraterrestrials working with the United States Government. There are a lot of stories of how we worked with the aliens at Area 51, or some say at a base nearby (referring to S4)... and we have been working with them in underground labs and they have been sharing information for us to enhance our technologies."

"All sorts of things, including the armada that flew South over Europe... of about 50 UFOs... The Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces in Europe... ordered a study to be done, and it took three years. And what the study concluded was that there had been **at least four species, at least four, visiting Earth for thousands of years**. This is not a new phenomenon... and **predates what we call our modern history of the last ten or fifteen thousand years**." - Paul Hellyer 

Hundreds of military officials, including those guarding the most powerful weapons on the planet at our nuclear sites, who are on the PRP (Personal Responsibility Program) reporting if they take even an over the counter painkiller, claim to consistently see UFOs in the most restricted airspaces of the planet, that they are powerless to counteract (see UFOs and Nukes by Robert Hastings). The extraterrestrial forces often appear in disc or tic tak shaped objects, and are capable of arming and disarming our nuclear missiles at will, overriding systems, altering missile trajectories, etc. 

"The people that say this is not a repeatable thing... it is just not true... it is just that they are ignorant. I mean, the only thing worse than being ignorant, and then arrogant about it... and lot's of people are... So I have just ignored that... There is a whole other level of human people in our family who are not ignorant, that follow protocols and try to figure out what is really going on, and that is what we are talking about here. And one of most important issues that this element of our human family deals with is the UFO issue. And the reality is that it mixes in with these psychic faculties..." - Danny Sheehan

"...So even thought you have something as, dare I say prosaic, as extraterrestrial beings who have been like 2 billion years more technologically advanced than we are, and psychically advanced than we are, who have figured out how to come and go from our planet, ok, BANG... But then then is all this other stuff, all this other strange phenomenon that goes on at our planet, that exists at this other level of insight, such as the capacities of our human family. Telepathy, teleportation, astrotravel, remote viewing, transmutation of matter... but what we have done is we've culturally riveted on some of these beings from the past... it is extraordinarily important... people who gufaw at it and poke fun at it are not only ignorant, but they are arrogant! ...they are still stuck in the scientific, logical, positivist, materialist worldview. It is institutionalized at the academy and the university level, and therefore you can't get cutting edge exploration on the part of some of the better minds of our human family, they won't allow it. Philosophy, theology, any of them, you can't go there." - Danny Sheehan

"They are still, like lighting rocket fuel on fire and burning it to shoot a rocket up into space, and they are spilling billions of dollars on that, *as a front operation.* (SpaceX), etc. are totally a front for what is really known about the way that these craft really work... They ran into a major problem that they were not able to pilot the craft, because it is *consciousness* that pilots the craft."

Senator Harry Reid: I became terribly interested in this, and rather than think about it, I said, well I am going to do something about it. 
News Nation: In 2007 Reid and others Senators authorized the black budget study of UFOs AAWSAP (Advanced Aerospace Weapons System Application Program)... The contract was awarded to BAAS (spelling?), a purpose-built offshoot of Bigelow Aerospace, owned by Robert Bigelow, a billionaire who had funded his own UFO studies for years. 
George Knapp: AAWSAP created the world's largest UFO database and data warehouse, 200,000 cases... in depth reports of different topics... so much more advanced that anything anyone has seen. Congress has not seen one page of that stuff. The public has not seen one page of it... I don't think the DIA can find it. 

George Knapp: We have seen these reports and documents and photos and information from the Navy about these "drones" buzzing their ships, and they don't know where they came from, they can't track them..." 
Senator Harry Reid: "They are coming in swarms, swarms of them, like bees, like insects."

"A woman named Karen... was furious... because she had been abducted, and after she had been returned... she found she was pregnant, and she hadn't been with anyone for over a year, and she didn't know what was going on... and she went all the way through to the end of the first trimester, and she was going to the obstetrician, and couldn't figure out what was going on, and then she gets abducted again, and she is not pregnant anymore. And she was just furious about what they were doing with her. So when they would show up again, she would actually throw things at them, throw lamps at them, kick them... So these three little dudes show up in her living room... brought her onto the craft, now totally conscious about it... and then they bring her to this other place, took her off the craft... and there was this little hybrid two year old girl... kind of stringy hair, and big eyes, but she knew instantaneously that it was her daughter..." - Daniel Sheehan 

Note from J: I have had multiple men and women personally testify to me of their experiences of abductions relating to reproductive issues and medical experiementation. 

John Mack, head of Harvard's psychiatry department, wrote a book called Abduction which is a source for sampling highly credible and vetted testimonies regarding abduction experiences. 

Danny Sheehan on John Mack: "I represented him for ten years, and met dozens of people that he had worked with, was involved in vetting them to determine which ones were credible and which ones weren't, what detailed information they had, and have talked to several absolutely, totally credible witnesses that I could put in front of any American jury, and they jury would be absolutely clear they were telling the truth, who have had direct face to face contact with one or more of these extraterrestrial beings. They have them in American underground military bases. They have the beings. They have interviewed the beings. They are telepathic, they talk French to French people, and German to German people... In one of the cases... it was clear that it was voluntary, the extraterrestrial being was voluntarily talking with them... he was being interviewed."

"Barbara Lamb was an associate of John Mack's, she is a professional psychologist, and she had a practice of helping people who had had these traumatic experiences... (of direct contact with an extraterrestrial being)... and most people find that fairly traumatic... one afternoon she came in out of her garden, and here was this reptilian guy standing in her living room... he came towards her and said "You have been wanting to see one of us, and here I am."" - Danny Sheehan

"(So I had him) give me the generals number, and give him a heads up that I would be calling... So I phoned him, and before I could even say "Hello, how are you, what's the weather...", he said "Every word is true and more." Those were his opening words. And he spent 20 minutes telling me the "and more"... the most important thing he said during that period was that there have been face to face meetings between United States officials and visitors from other star systems. Period. No equivocation." - Paul Hellyer 

When Laura Eisenhower was asked about the rumors that her great grandfather President Eisenhower had signed a treaty with extraterrestrials, she replied flatly "It's a true story... In 1954 there was a meeting at Edwards Air Force base... they seemed to have diplomatic intention... the treaties had to do with bartering exchanges of "planetary goods", and it was in exchange for things like abduction..." When asked why the extraterrestrials would like to abduct humans, she replied "They need our DNA. We have a treasure of DNA that is basically a living library..."

"Now April 25, 1964 was the first official communication between our government and the aliens. Three saucers landed there by prearranged agreement, it was filmed by five high speed cameras, 68,000 feet of film." - John Lear 

George Knapp: "You believe in part that the movies E.T., Close Encounters of the Third Kind were not entirely just the creative products of some Hollywood director, and maybe there is more too that. Why don't you explain." 
John Lear: "They were carefully guided by representatives from MJ12 who is this organization that is in charge of the coverup in order to get us ready for the release of the information that there are indeed aliens."
George Knapp: "To prepare us for the idea that benevolent aliens from out space are going to help us out." 
John Lear: "Unfortunately, there are not so benevolent, so they made probably one of the most disastrous mistakes when ET was put out, at that was before we discovered what I call "the double cross" or "the grand deception", and they were trying to get us used to the idea of benevolent little creatures, but that isn't the case."

"There are several, actually 9, flying discs that are out there (Area 51) of extraterrestrial origin, and they are basically being dismantled... Some are being test flows... basically just being analyzed. Some are 100% in tact and operate perfectly, the other ones are being taken apart... The information is very compartmentalized... Couldn't our government have made them instead of getting them from alien beings? Totally impossible, the propulsion system is a gravity propulsion system, the power source is an anti-matter reactor, this technology does not exist at all... It is not only a crime against the American people, but against the scientific community, which I have been a part of for some time, who are actively trying to duplicate these systems, yet they are in existence now, and basically in the hands of the government. This directly taps out of the Star Wars budget... it requires huge amounts of money, and it taps out of a lot of other places too that would be very hard to track down...." - Bob Lazar, Area 51 Scientist  

"So they went to Area 51, they got taken to S4, went down a number of flights... and they came to this area where there was a big room with a two way mirror in it, and there was an extraterrestrial being there... he was five and a half almost six feet tall... and he was standing there, and this guy Albert wouldn't go near him, he was just traumatized by the guy, and he... thought he was demonic... but his commander went in and was having this telepathic communication going on with him... They had been interviewing the being, voluntarily, and he was answering questions that they had. One of the questions was, "Where do you come from?" And he said that he was part of a group of beings that were from different star systems in our galaxy, and that they were part of a team that were going around inside the galaxy checking on places were life had begun on different planets, and they were sort of monitoring what they were doing. And they asked the follow up question, (along the lines of) "Who is in charge of that? What kind of juridical entity is there that is coordinating this kind of a thing?" And he said "you people would refer to it as "God", but it is very different than what you think." And so they specifically said they were from different star systems, and different planets inside our galaxy, and there he was. (Albert) said he didn't believe him, because he thought he was demonic." - Danny Sheehan

"I don't know about the big story of where they came from, and what they are like... but certainly these crafts came from... not just another planet, but another solar system entirely, extremely far away. And they are here... The power source is an anti-matter reactor, they run gravity amplifiers, there is actually two parts to the drive mechanism. It is a bizarre technology, there is no physical hookups between any of the systems in there, they use gravity as a wave, using wave guides... the bottom of it glowed blue and began to hiss, like high voltage does on a round sphere... and then that stopped as soon as it reached twenty or thirty feet... I got to look inside and it had really small chairs, and that was I think the first confirmation I had that was just a shocking thing... why does it have little furniture inside? ...and things began to click together all too fast." - Bob Lazar

Side note from Jordan - a hybrid ally associated with the Pleadians  independently informed me of this same technology, where the craft essentially "surf" the wave function of gravity. He said the challenge was not traveling between star systems, but rather "the hard part is slowing down".  

"They threatened my life, the threatened my wife's life... guards were there with M16s, guys planning their finger into my chest and screaming in my ears, people pointing weapons at me. Like I said, it is not a good place to work." - Bob Lazar

"They issues involved here are so big. Huge. The American people are paying hundreds of billions of dollars (trillions according to others) for programs that they don't know anything about. And things are happening in their country that they don't know anything about. And they should know, because the United States forces... sort of operate with a 'shoot first and ask questions after' mentality... and heaven knows what they could get us into if they start shooting at these things. They could get us into an intergalactic war, and that would be probably game over for us." - Paul Hellyer

We know from many other whistleblowers that Paul's fear were founded, and that the retrieval and reverse engineering programs revealed to US Congress are not merely passive. They are not waiting around for craft to crash, they are actively taking them down. 

"...Primarily in communications... and in interpretations of the language, interpretations of the heiroglyphics... at Douglas I sort of got involved in a different manner... with extraterrestrials. So I was addressing some of the things that I had been involved in the Navy, which were heavily involved in **the Germans being supported by Reptilian extraterrestrials before World War II, and during World War II**." - William "Bill" Tompkins 

A History channel program brought forth an interesting corroboration of these hieroglyphics For a parallel account of hieroglyphics: 

NARRATOR: Rumors of extraterrestrial activity in Antarctica have circulated for years. If these accounts are true and there is, in fact, an extraterrestrial presence in Antarctica today, could it have been there for hundreds or even thousands of years? In July 2018, Linda Moulton Howe interviewed a whistleblower who offered to provide her with classified information regarding Antarctica on the condition that she not reveal his identity. Her source, a retired Navy SEAL who she identifies as Spartan 1, provided her with details of an ancient structure he claims to have visited during his time at the South Pole. 
SPARTAN 1: At that time, my rank was first lieutenant commander of Naval Special Operations. We were inbound to southeast coast of Antarctica. We were dispatched for - unofficially, it was a research reconnaissance mission. Officially, it was to find a certain individual, obtain any information, and bring it back. 
LINDA MOULTON HOWE: What was the date?
SPARTAN 1: August of 2003.
NARRATOR: According to Spartan 1, when he and his team reached their destination, they encountered a large octagonal structure protruding from the ice. Cautiously, they proceeded to enter it.
SPARTAN 1: At the very top of the first structure that we entered, there was almost 18 feet poking from the ice. The rest of it was hidden under the ice. Each door was the same, anywhere from 18 feet thick to around 30 feet thick. And even though these doors were that thick and that heavy, you could take one finger and push them and they would open. There was no resistance whatsoever. The outside temperature was at least 40 degrees below zero. Once you stepped inside these structures, the temperature was an ambient 68 to 72 degrees. It was lighted from the inside, but we could not find the source of light. It was a lime green in color. The walls were lined with what I call hieroglyphics, but nothing of hieroglyphics that I've ever seen in my life. 
NARRATOR: Buried underneath the ice in Antarctica could well be stone temple constructions. There could be biological material, remains of beings that lived there and could still be there. It could be the greatest reveal in all of human history." 

Danny Sheehan also personally viewed and traced the heiroglyphics on a photograph of an extraterrestrial craft that he viewed in the classified portions of the Project Bluebook Archives, which he gained access to in association with his work for Congress under President Carter. 

I am providing here three brief unconnected sources attesting to various hieroglyphic languages on the craft, advanced tools and technologies, and underground bases of various extraterrestrial groups, including the Reptilians. As I research unbelievable things, I often try to "triangulate" evidence with at least three apparently unrelated sources / observations. 

Jeremy Corbell: "Right now this is what I can say: Michael Shellenberger got it right. What he reported is 100% accurate." (Regarding the Immaculate Constellation program revealed by a whistleblower, and corroborated by multiple other sources, in and leading up to October 2024.) 
George Knapp: "...this Immaculate Constellation... uses a lot of different kinds of platforms to collect UFO, USO, UAP type imagery, and collates it into one place." 
Jeremy Corbell: "One of the primary missions of this program would be to acquire, both actively and passively, (inputs) from all sensor platforms in all domains... satellites, to underwater sensors, to land based sensors, to aerial sensors, to space-based sensors... basically capturing UAP... that is known not to be from any technologically nation on Earth... which people call NHI - Non Human Intelligence. And the program was to acquire imagery of how other nations may have reverse engineered, from NHI technology, human technology."
George Knapp: "This program is a USAP - an Unacknowledged Special Access Program." 
Jeremy Corbell: "Michael Shellenberger said that members of congress had been made aware. That is 100% true and I can testify to it under oath in the court of law because I was f&%#@$# there."
Jeremy Corbell: "From the very get go, we have been in the know that we have been trying to exploit derivative technologies of UAP."  
Jeremy Corbell: "Everyone is looking for David Grusch to speak outside his DOPSR (Defense Office of Prepublication and Security Review) or his pre-publication agreement..."
"Right now it is very real, and people don't understand that. There is a program the government has hid from Senate, from Congress, from the gang of eight, it is called Immaculate Constellation, and by the... way, that is just the top of the pyramid, a piece of the pie chart. There is more up there, and there are a *lot* of "constellations" below... That (Immaculate Constellation) is a tiny thing, we are just talking about it right now because it is public, but there is a much bigger story to tell..." 

This is important to note, that as this wave of whistleblowers comes forward and begins testifying to Congress and in public, including Chris Mellon, David Grusch, Lou Elizondo, Tim Gallaudet, David Fravor, etc., they are still bound to the military and government approval processes regarding what they can and can not publicly disclose. 

Danny Sheehan explains: 

"There is a lot going on behind the scenes... one of the things that people who have worked in Washington DC for 20 years or more realize is that the public hearings that take place in congress are kind of dog and pony shows... and that they are semi-scripted as a rule... there is a decision made on high as to what is going to get said publicly and what isn't, what questions are going to get asked and what aren't... and so there is bit a of theater involved, more than a bit of theater involved, and what is going on in the background is the real deal making. And the challenge in Washington DC, among many others, is that everything is a deal."

"It is not a matter of principle, it is not a matter of what the program needs, it is a question of the kind of false dialectic that is going on. Now we have come into the scene with the UFO phenomena... the one everyone knows about... is the December 17, 2017 front page story in the New York Times, Lou Elizondo and Chris Mellon, and Chris Mellon, very importantly, was the deputy assistant secretary of defense for intelligence, both under the Clinton... and W Bush administration... and Lou Elizondo was involved in the program that the Pentagon had, a secret program, above top secret... where they were attempting to develop... an advanced weapons system using the technology they recovered from UFO craft... The thing that people don't realize, is that there was this big hubub with the front page story in the New York Times, and everyone is saying "oh here is two amazing whistleblowers coming out of the shadows, and they have come forward, and they have made this extraordinary set of revelations about the existence of this secret program, and it turns out the whole thing was authorized... that the United States Defense Department Office of Prepublication Security Review... had cleared all of those videos to be shown, and had ok'd the New York Times to publish them, so there is this whole back story going on, that there is a pretense of an insurrectionist kind of whistleblower group coming forward to reveal this information and challenge the deep secrets of the state... but in fact there is decisions being made deeper in to reveal... The bottom line is that for some reason, which we can explore, there has been a decision made at the very end of 2017, to come forward, to begin a process of trying to establish control, literally, over the disclosure of the UFO information. And it actually generated an extraordinary piece of legislation that the United States approved, which was **a 64 page bill** that set up this complex process of undertaking a "Controlled Disclosure", and actually formulating a controlled disclosure campaign to go over a 7 year to start rolling out information into the public about what it is that the United States Government knew about the UFO phenomenon, and about some vaguely identified Non Human Intelligence." 

George Knapp: "Elon Musk came out this week... and told Tucker Carlson, "All these UFOs are advanced secret US technology." ... Elon should know, right? It seemed like gaslighting to me... I would just put it this way... giving him the benefit of the doubt. Let's put him in the category of... he has billions of dollars worth of contracts with the Department of Defense, with NASA... let's say he is on par with an Admiral Wilson, and he knows stuff, and *is required* to lie about it." 

"We are not alone." - Everyone involved 

"The technology we faced was far superior to anything that we had." - Commander Fravor, in sworn testimony to US Congress. 

George Knapp: "We met (in Russia) with this guy Boris Sakalov (spelling?) who had been the head of what was then the largest UFO investigation conducted by a government in the history of the world. There was a period of 78 to 88 where the Russians had these dramatic UFO incidents, and they decided to create a program to get to the bottom of it... I won't explain how I got access to the files, but I did, thousands of pages from the Russian Ministry of Defense... so then we had the problem of how to get it out. That was pretty tricky. If they had caught me I would still be there in a gulag somewhere, but they didn't. And the goal was maybe we will find out more from the Russians about what our government knows about UFOs, than we will ever learn from our government itself. And it was true. We did. I asked Sakalov "What is is the interest? What are you guys trying to do here." And he said "It is really simple. These craft can do things that we can't. They fly circles around our best aircraft, we know they do the same thing to you. And we figured that if we could find one and figure out how they work we could kick your ass... I interviewed this guy named Moltsev (spelling) who had been commander of the entire Russian air forces and he told me about these encounters that Sakalov had recounted. Forty different incidents where Russian war planes chased UFOs and boom they were gone. In three of those cases though, the Russian planes war planes crashed, two of the pilots died, and after that... Moltsev issued an order 'leave them the hell alone, because "they have incredible capacities for retaliation."'"

"We are in a competition with our adversaries to understand this. It is a multi-decade cold war that has been under our nose for so long... I think the obtuse secrecy is actually putting us in a very dangerous position where a country might make a breakthrough... and it is so destabilizing..." - David Grusch

"It was a journey that opened my eyes to a lot more, because here I am thinking that my event was something more specific, but come to find out I am just a cog in the wheel of this whole big thing... and I am also confirming these (other) guy's stories to a degree. The corruption, secret organizations that have some pull in this... the nasty stuff they are doing... I am hoping it can get people to actually do something about it and not be afraid of it like I was. It was 14 years. A lot of weight to carry to try to sweep it under. I want other people who have witnessed certain things, or are a part of certain things that are very controversial... to come out and understand that what is going on is not acceptable... This technology (can) help benefit humanity as a whole... to help humanity because now everybody is going to be on the same level technology wise. My event had nothing to do with ETs. The technology may have come from ETs... and that is what we witnessed, but we witnessed much more of a sinister plot with this that they are using it (for)..."
"I took videos and pictures of this thing. I had taken pictures of the chaos going on behind...the rubble, burning buildings, flooding and all that... and I turn around... and there is a clearing... with a UAP sitting there, hovering, and rotating clockwise... And all of a sudden we were enveloped by this military force that to this day I don't know who they are... the way these guys moved was so fluid... very very smooth... these guys had done it for a while. They started yelling at us... using the kind of lingo we use in the military... American dialects... said they were going to smoke us, throw us out of a helicopter, very easy to get the lost in the jungle... kept saying stuff like that... They knew where our military IDs were... had (highly advanced devices), looked like modern day smart phone (but in 2009). "

LEFT OFF HERE... 

"When you go back, 70 years ago, it was Truman, and Eisenhower, and Winston Churchill, we know that from some documents now. They had made an agreement... Churchill said to Eisenhower after a disc had done rings around a RAF fighter that was coming back, apparently from the German France border, and Churchill said, "This is something that we must keep from the world public for 50 years, or stock markets will crash, religions will flounder, and we will lose civilization. And in World War II years, with Adolf Hitler having said he was going to populate with all tall Aryan blondes with blue eyes, and that he set about to annhililate another group of people that were considered to be enemies of these blondes, the underbelly of World War II for adolf hitler always had a tincture of something from outer space, something extraterrestrial, weapons, a huge weapon that could annhiliate the world, and it was in that mix that our counterintelligence in the UK, the United States, Australia, New Zealand, and Canada, the allies of World War II, were honing their skills in how to keep the public and the media away from what they knew was possibly an existential threat, and if not an existential threat it was going to be so revolutionary that the leaders at the time could lose control of the planet." - Linda Moulton Howe  

An example of one of the multiple whistleblower sources regarding Antarctica: 
"I know for a fact, based on my own first hand observations in special forces, we have a huge archeological site in Antarctica, it is 1.5 miles under the ice, we get to it in a submarine, and for 15 years we have been on tasks to remove artifacts they want to sanitize before they open it up to the world. What right does any human element have to deny all the rest of us knowing what is under 1.5 miles of ice, that has been there somewhere between thirteen and thirty million years. And I know for a fact, because this has been part of our mission, that on the backside of the moon and the interior of the moon... there are artifacts that have hieroglyphics and symbols that match Antarctica. And we know from other operations that in Sidonia in the Northern Hemisphere of Mars are hieroglyphs and symbols there that match the moon and Antarctica. And your every breath is being tracked by the men in black. At a top robotics company in Japan, this week (August 2017), four robots being developed for military applications killed 29 humans in the lab with something that shot metal bullets. The scariest part is that lab workers deactivated two of the robots, and then they took apart the third, and while they were doing that the fourth robot began restoring itself and somehow connected to an orbiting satellite that they had been using to train the militarized robot... to download information about how to rebuild itself even more strongly than before. Linda, this is serious shit, and you will never hear about it on the news. Governments like ours want AI robotic soldiers." - Former Marine and Special Forces whistleblower via Linda Moulton Howe 

"I took that to a retired Navy Captain who helps me on many many things, he is very trustworthy, and I said what do you suppose... that means, that my every breath, they are tracking. And he said "Well you know, I understand that we are now monitoring human brain signals from satellites, so Linda, they probably have a program, you have a unique brain pattern, everybody does, and they probably tune into you, and they when you are asleep, when you are awake, where you are... they don't care about cell phones, they don't care about equipment, they can track your brain waves." - Linda Moulton Howe" 

Overseeing the US governments military programs to directly link human brains and computers is the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) which says its goal is "to develop an implantable system able to provide precision communication between the brain and the digital world". - Linda 

Note from J: Note that just as Danny Sheehan pointed out that ongoing programs at SpaceX etc. are front operations to conceal how these extraterrestrial technologies really work, I have seen intel briefings indicating that the US military is way ahead for instance what Neuralink is publicly doing, in terms of wirelessly linking to and controlling minds, even before the true psychic alien technologies they are trading human lives for. Note that the extraterrestrial craft are technologies are often controlled directly by the minds of the extraterrestrials.  

"As afraid as Elon Musk says he is about the risk that weaponized Artificial Intelligence could be to humankind, he is enthusiastic about developing artificial intelligence for what he calls "human enhancement", and he is founder of a company called Neuralink. The research there is to link the brain to a machine interface by creating micron sized devices that can do **human genetic engineering at the nanotech level**, to repair damaged brain and body parts, and to provide technological enhancement such as enhanced memory, enhanced communication, enhanced senses, multi-dimensional thinking, and extending the human body's lifetime... (the question) is how we live and go forward on a planet where every great idea can be militarized... and (where we are being led into a future) where we are post-human cyborgs. A cyborg is a being with both bio and mechanical body parts... A new version of human cyborgs would actually be much better for space travel than frail homo sapiens sapiens... The ultimate irony would be if humanity on Earth sets about to create space traveling cyborgs that are supposed to work for humans, but instead become a self-perpetuating force that replaces humans. That is Elon Musk's implication when he warns that AI weaponization of robots poses and existential threat to all life on Earth, and he does think that we only have four years to get on top of this." - Linda Moulton Howe   

"In 2017, 30 governors gathered to hear Elon Musk talk about tech and the future. Musk issued a warning that he has been making for some time, that the development of robots, androids, and cyborgs with human like artificial intelligence is "a fundamental risk to the existence of human civilization." He said "I have exposure to the most cutting edge AI, and I think people should be really concerned about it. I keep sounding the alarm bell, but until people see robots going down the street killing people they don't know how to react because it seems so etherial... AI is a fundamental existential risk to the existence of human civilization, and I don't know if people fully appreciate that." (Elon Musk). He gives it four years to get on top of it, or it is lost." - Linda Moulton Howe

"One of the possible future human enhancement technologies that sticks out in relationship to the human abduction syndrome connected to alien intelligences and their interactions with home sapiens on Earth is called "mind uploading"... Based on my investigations of human abductees... I have listened to many people who talk about having their mind taken out by an alien being, and then put back with added information."  - Linda Moulton Howe

Note parallels to scenes in the Matrix, Star Wars, etc. This phenomenon is real. 

Note that autonomous, weaponized, robots are already in existence in various warzones, making independent algorithmic decisions on wether to kill. 

October 18, 1983 - There exists one extraterrestrial perspective, in which a species of extraterrestrial biological entities brought humans to Earth... and the EBEN's are acting in a guardian role vs. the renegade tall blondes (in the eyes of CIA / DIA / NSA / ETs)... The EBEN's have a computer / AI monitoring system on our moon, and throughout our solar system. "The Swedes have all their menagerie of cloned biological entities too..."

"For those who are new and may not understand what the reference to MJ12 is, there is an organization that has been defined in a lot of leaked documents... the group was organized in September 1947 by Harry S Truman after the July 1947 Roswell and several other crashes as a secret committee of scientists, military leaders, businessmen, and government officials... under a classified executive order... to monitor and analyze the interactions of non-human intelligences with Earth, and to organize back-engineering of advanced ET technologies retrieved from downed ET craft." - Linda

"Mr. President, we have a Trantaloid, but it is dead. We captured it in 1961 in Canada and we had it in captivity until 1962 when it died." - SERPO 27a Release (The Trantaloids may be from Epsilon Eridani)

The Tau Cetians - (Tau Ceti) - humanoids that look like Irishmen? - Linda 
"Tau Cetian who worked with Drake, at Cornell University, who worked with Carl Sagan... The Tau Cetian who our government had, experimented with..." - Linda

Zeta Reticuli 1 and 2... Heavy duty trade routes going between Zeta R 1 and 2 and these other star systems... with exploratory research to Earth... - Betty Hill 

Many races of aliens are cloning many other races of aliens... The archquuloid is likely a cloned biological entity (CBE) created by the Ebens. The Quadloids were also cloned from two other speies of praying mantis and lizards... - SERPO 27a

Linda's presentation and photographs associated archquloid cloned biological entity with vertical pupil eyes (like snake or cat), holding "communication device" (stick with serpent), at White Sand Trinity Site, 6AM April 25, 1964, in meeting with American Military and scientist. Archquloid stood back while EBENs interacted with US representatives. Allegedly we gave them back bodies in exchange for technology. In association with an HBO project, Linda was shown a briefing paper at Curtland? Air Force Base about April 25, 1964 meeting between "us", and EBENs. Source of the sketch is Alan Sandler and Robert Immaneger? who wrote and produced the documentary and book in 1974 entitled "UFOs, Past, Present, and Future". Bob Immaneger later personally told Linda face to face that the illustration (also cited by John Lear) was sketched in his presence directly from a 16mm film frame... delivered from the Pentagon, under the orders of General Winebrenner? and that they were expecting to be able to use and show the landing footage of the one craft down, two above in an offensive / defensive pattern... and at the last minute... the Pentagon that film like they pull so many others.

A sketch by a Navy quartermaster based in Oahu, Hawaii, in 1972 of the same CBE matches the description. 5.5' tall archquloids. Made by the EBENs with Rapid Cycle Cloning. 

Name "archquloid" probably relates to "archon" meaning "ruler or lord". Sumerian sun "god" Shamash in ropey headdress with rod in Mesopotamia were Archquloid related, according to government whistleblowers. Coiled rod in Sumerian texts also described as communication device. Implication is that rods in Sumerian and Egyptian texts were used by archquloids to communicate with, manage, and control the homo sapeins... created by manipulation of DNA... in already evolving primates... to produce workers for Mesopotamia ruled by off-world overlords. But (homo sapiens) were deliberately kept ignorant of the bigger picture. Government insiders ran scared when they realized that the ancient Mesopotamian overlords were actually some form of archquloids made by the EBENs that humans have worshipped as Sumerian or Annunaki gods. How ironic that the EBENs made the archquloids... and then the EBENs and archquloids made homo sapiens, who ended up worshipping (them). The Reagan briefing (in SERPO 27a) introduces the US President to the big picture of the EBENs using Rapid Cycle Cloning to genetically create, whether you want to call them androids, organic robots, clones, the big-nosed archquloids and the four-fingered quadloids, these were made by the EBENs according to this briefing.  - Linda 

"I wonder what President Reagan said privately to his old friend CIA director Casey, about the revelation that ETs manipulated DNA in already evolving primates to create *various models of homo sapiens* that have been subjects of an EBEN social experiment for thousands of years, and I have been told at least 270 million years by an analyst for the Defense Intelligence Agency. And that could explain why Earth has been such a haunted planet... with so many mysterious phenomena, and why power structures have always ruled with secrecy. In their experimentation it might be vital to keep humans in the dark about what we really are, why we are, and if our destiny is to ultimately thrive and spread out through the solar system, the milky way galaxy, and beyond, in allyship with (the helpful ETs)... but what about the hostile (ETs)? There is one startling answer in the Reagan briefing... when Advisor #4 talks about the technology of the dangerous Trantaloids... "Mr. President the trantaloid technology is probably 1,000 years more advanced than ours... strange materials... nothing like on Earth... Space tunnels... using something like matter versus anti-matter... these trantaloids can imitate humans. They can look like blond humans, however they are not blond, but ugly looking insects. They can imitate looking like humans. They have the ability to change their bodies. So which tall or short blond nordics might be used as camouflage for trantaloids that President Reagan was told were actually dangerous insects... from Epsilon Eridani? Or are "we" somebody's androids? There is no way of getting around that as a fact. That is why the government of the United States does not want any of us to know. Are some of the blondes and red hairs of history actually another species trying to help android humanity, such as archangel Michael, who historically has fought off dragons and serpents? I have been told by a Washington DC based whistleblower that MJ12 evolved to a different code that began E2, perhaps related to an alleged black budget related military organization... called E2SCD - the Extraterrestrial Space Command Directorate. Does it exist in those letters and numbers today? Probably not. Part of the success of intel and counterintel is like a shell game... I have also been told that about 2,500 years ago, the EBENs genetically experimented with humans living in Bhutan, Tibet, and Nepal, and the result was that some of those altered humans, androids, rapid cycle cloned, were transplanted to central america, specifically the Mayans were related to that genetic experimentation... One man who worked for the CIA... said that the EBENs explained to the government... that this was an experiment... another manipulation of DNA... as an experiment that they wanted to do, but that in 850 AD, the EBENs took their experiment to another planet like they had done with the archquloids and the quadloids, and that the scientists of Earth who are content with the historic academic explanation of the disappearance of the Mayans as related to drought and starvation is not true at all... My Washington military source told me that the EBENs who made us and put us here watch us live and grow... the EBENs have been here since before the beginning of the dinosaurs... I asked him what happened that caused the almost total annhiliation of earth-life including the dinosaurs almost 65 million years ago... and he said "I read in the Yellow Book" (an EBEN holographic book (I have talked with two or three people who have handled it... you can look through the history of our solar system... like Princess Lea in Star Wars)... that the EBENs knew back 65 million years ago that a very large asteroid was going to hit the Earth. The EBENs wrote that they were saving one of each species that was on this planet... before the asteroid hit... Linda, the question is would the EBENs save us if a big asteroid was headed for Earth... (we have) a prime intelligence... that genetically made with Rapid Cycle Cloning the next two ET species on that list of five, and that means those two, the archquloids and quadloids, would be equivalent to AI androids made to do service for the EBENs. And then allegedly what do the EBENs do according to the Presidential briefing? The EBENs put the archquloids out in the Milky Way galaxy, including the probability that the big nosed archuloids with the elongated heads and the ropey headresses had something to do with the Annunaki and the Sumerians on Earth... and then the EBENs used the quadloid preying mantis lizard hybrids to be scientific overseers, of many other planetary life seeding projects. Do the archquloids and quadloids know their true history, any more than we homo sapiens sapiens know ours? Either way, if the EBENs or Annunaki manipulated DNA in already evolving primates on Earth a couple million years ago... is it fair to ponder that those first Earth humans were artificial intelligences for those who made us from manipulating genes... Are we humans, someone else's androids? I think the answer is yes. And now in the 21st century, without yet being publicly introduced to our alien AI makers, we ourselves are now creating other intelligences to be soldiers, truck drivers, cooks, house keepers... Human scientists have now produced the first primate clones (and now human clones)... Maybe we should realize that genetic manipulation to make androids, clones, hybrids, and cyborgs has long been the EBEN process for distributing their civilization's intelligences and geopolitical control to other planets, solar systems, and galaxies." - Linda, citing Washington / intelligence source

"There was a very important crash retrieval, 6 years before Roswell, and I have no doubt about this, and that was in Cape Giradeau, Missouri. Date April 1941, discussed in leaked Majestic 12 documents, from which a neutronic propulsion device was retrieved and delivered later to Robert Oppenheimer when he began work... to produce the first atomic bomb." - Linda 

"The far horizon is that we are going to make it through this, in fits and starts, and we are going to have a new civilization begin on this planet, the hallmark of which is a peaceful planet on Earth, living peacefully with these other planets. To get from criticality now to that point is going to be a *very* heavy lift. (This) pulled me out of my work as an emergency doctor because I realized that we are in a global emergency, and that is why I left medicine. The cosmic flag that I want to talk about is the crown jewel of the secrecy that was hatched in the 50s, that led to Eisenhower losing control of these programs. And no President since that time has had full operational control over these rogue elements. So now we are in a period where these operations have run amok, so much so that it has become an existential threat to life on Earth." - Stephen Greer  











