# 13. How Jordan Came To Know This Information

Now that The Great Unveiling has begun, many people are rightly suspicious of the false authorities, and struggle to process such apparently abstract and etheric revelations. 

Therefore We will now explore the personal experience of One of Us, a regular citizen named Jordan, who sacrificed his life in the process of discovering that the Existential Threat We are facing is Real. 

## Jordan's Story 

Jordan's entrance to Earth was entirely unremarkable. He was born as no one, from no where. He was one of Us. 

His Story is approximately as follows. It is told as an invitation for you to tell yours. 

On December 18th, 1984, at 9:00 AM, [[Jordan Nicholas Sukut]] opened his eyes in San Clemente, California. 

It was a descent into one the unlikeliest of caves of the Ancient Control Structure. 

His Heavenly Father was God. 

His Earth father was a builder and a minister. 

His mother was steady, good, and true. 

He was on a Mission, so he worked, played, and learned hard, and took on as much responsibility as anyone would entrust him with. 

Teachers remarked that he had one of the brightest minds that had ever come through their classrooms. He earned straight A's and raced through college level studies in math, science, religion and literature during high school, while tutoring his peers in academics and music, and leading worship in multiple weekly church services. 

While working and starting a family, he earned bachelors and masters degrees from top universities, and multiple black belt degrees in martial arts from one of the many mysterious teachers that found their Way into his life. 

His formal education took far less time than his self-directed exploration of the universe. Over thousands of hours, he absorbed information from a vast array of recordings set to 2x speed to accelerate his learning process. 

His teams and companies bid on billions of dollars of heavy civil infrastructure, built hundreds of millions of dollars worth, and won awards and recognition at every level up to the Senate and Assembly of California, the 5th largest economy in the world. 

He worked weekly with CEOs, politicians, bureaucrats, union representatives, archeologists, geologists, paleontologists, executives, heavy equipment operators, laborers, attorneys, accountants, bankers and administrators. 

His training and progress along the Pathway of Life were dramatically accelerated by the highest quality professional coaching, mentoring and CEO peer groups available. 

He traveled through dozens of countries and hundreds of counties and states, traversing jungles of Asia by elephant, plains of Africa by jeep, pyramids of Egypt by horse, the depths of the Amazon by canoe, and seeking out the elders and wisdom keepers of various tribes, peoples, and nations in his quest to rediscover the Truth about the Reality he had been born into. 

As he traveled, the elders who recognized him imparted to him aspects of The Secret Wisdom. 

He wrestled with the vices that are common to us all, and committed and suffered all the mistakes, setbacks, and hurts that come with our adventure through Earth. 

For 33 years, he grew up among Us, served Us, and Loved Us. He was one of Us. He was Jordan. Remember? 

In 2017, his behavior and focus transformed, and he began dialoging with the very few who possessed the time, desire and ability to seriously discuss it, an omni-considerate joint venture to transform and renew the Earth within a single generation. 

After 21 days in Africa living and serving out of a small backpack, he realized that he did not require the comforts of a normal life within The Boundary. This enabled him to let go of the illusion of wealth and opportunity that had hindered his progress at times in the past. 

Liberated from the ties that bound, over the next two years, he ventured farther and farther out Beyond The Boundary of normal life and experience, and began encountering extraordinary things along the Way.

He and his collaborators continued to build companies, infrastructure, and superstructure. 

They didn't apply for awards or publicity, but their results would have placed them among the fastest growing privately held companies in America. 

In 2019, after an award-winning dam project for the largest County in the American Empire...

...he found himself racing back from another mission to Africa as the Old Authorities began shutting down the airports, travel, and supply lines. 

After traveling to Nairobi to the airline headquarters and securing one of the last few flights, he made it to the gate, where frenzied agents checked his passport against a growing list of countries whose recent visitors were not permitted to board. 

Narrowly avoiding involuntary quarantine, he made it back to California, where curfews and lockdowns were beginning, politicians were misleading, and the corrupt local puppets of church and state were plotting his demise. 

The religious and political authorities were hiding something, and did not appreciate Light being shown into the Darkness of their illicit little empires.

As the award-winning team made their Way towards the next project, they were informed by the bureaucrats that they would never work in the industry again. A lengthy campaign of threats, intimidation, slander, deception, snares, obstruction, and falsified evidence followed. 

The religious leaders cast stones and commanded him to stay quiet and "suffer in silence like Jesus before Pontius Pilate". 

Eventually, the case was handed over to the head official of the largest County in the American Empire, who Jordan had helped lift up into position. 

After carefully weighing the situation, he betrayed Justice for political gain and gave the personal order to finish Jordan's destruction. 

In the end, over the course of 5 torturous years, through a thousand painful pierces of cold, alien talons, his home, his businesses, his wealth, his belongings, his identity, his reputation, and his livelihood slowly bled out through his wounds. 

He was not alone in his suffering. Around the world, millions of others were suffering far worse fates at the hands of the same cruel Force. 

What was this cold, cruel, inhuman Force? 

Moment by moment as it sought to destroy him, Jordan felt and traced its energy, its spirit, its character, its nature, and its plans. 

Deeper and Deeper. 

What was this Evil that searched out and so viciously destroyed those who shone Light into its Darkness? 

As he slowly bled and died, Jordan tracked the Evil that had beset him all the Way back to its lair. 

On October 20th, 2024, just shy of his 40th birthday, he surrendered what little remained of his Old Life, leaving only his Story, and What I Am Becoming, behind. 








For five long years, he wrestled with it as it tortured him, its sharp talons slowly bleeding out every last drop of his blood and breath. 

The Evil eventually drug him down into the depths of the underworld. 

It was there he discovered that he could dance and play through the fiery realms of suffering. 

It was there in the lair of Evil that he discovered the keys that held humanity captive within The Boundary of The Community. 

It was there is the depths of Darkness that he saw the war rooms which yielded the secrets of Evil's vision, strategy and plan. 

When he discovered that death and hell had no power, he seized the keys and rose from the ashes and into the sky, his gleaming robes containing no trace of the Torturous Darkness enslaving the world below. 

Celebrate or mourn, that on October 18, 2024, the mysterious life of Jordan Nicholas Sukut ended. 


