# 15. Not Merely Human

Now I know that for generations humanity has been brainwashed to assign talk of extraterrestrials, aliens, angels, demons, and other ultradimensional beings to the depths of lunacy, conspiracy and fantasy. 

But if someone tells you that as they walked along the Pathway of Life they were attacked by aliens and demons, you might want to pay attention and warn your loved ones, just in case.  

If the army of aliens and demons can kill Jordan, they can kill you too. 

Over the 5 years **it** tortured him, Jordan had followed the local tentacles of Evil all the Way back towards their origin and seat of power, and now was standing face to face with its Deeper elements, just as had been foretold. 

No wonder it had talons. No wonder its blood was so cold. No wonder it was so pitiless. 

As he careened onward and more and more of the Imperial Fleet came into view, Jordan inadvertently laughed and cried in disbelief. 

The commands of the Control Tower radiated out to governments, militaries, black forces, and communications channels around the world. Concealed behind dozens of different exteriors, flags, and languages, its agents blindly, immediately, and chillingly obeyed the commands from on high. 

From the top of the Control Tower, the All Seeing Eye monitored every thought and word, searching out and cruelly punishing even the smallest deviations from The Matrix of acceptable thought and speech. 

The strings puppetted the bodies and mouths of the politicians and priests on public display. 

It all became clear in that tragic flash of personal experience. 

There was no freedom on Earth.  
There was no democracy.  
There was no "constitution" or "rights".  

The Visible Power Structures were all a facade, concealing the Greatest Secret and the Greatest Fraud in human history. The political parties. The nation state lines. The pyramids. The palaces. The treaties. Versailles. The United Nations. The currencies. The gold. The debt. The endless religious denominations. The endless wars. The endless political theater. The carefully constructed narrative structure of modern existence.

It was all a Fraud. 

It was all a Show. 

It was all Theater.  

Humanity was held captive in an Alien Control Structure, and the Fourth Reich was in the final stages of making that slavery permanent in its long awaited Final Order.

For weeks through the Summer of 2024, Jordan experienced nausea and sleeplessness as waking and sleeping dreams, visions, and nightmares struggled to rearrange his mental models of Reality to account for what he was seeing. And feeling. And smelling. And hearing. 

The stench of some of these creatures is ghastly, and their shrieks and growls cannot be forgotten once heard. 

____

Forward to: [[16. Jordan's Interpretation and Hypothesis]]        
Back to: [[14. What Jordan Learned As He Suffered And Died]]  
Back to Table of Contents: [[EXISTENTIAL THREAT - Are You Curious What Lurks Behind The Veil?]]      


