# 16. Jordan's Interpretation and Hypothesis

Jordan's notebooks are bursting with far more information than most would have the time or desire to try to make sense of. 

But he left Us an updated Map of Reality, as a Hypothesis that some of Us can continue to explore and improve as We venture out together Beyond The Boundary.  

The religious, political, social, and economic implications are staggering. 

If it is True, All humanity can become, within a single generation, debt-free "billionaires" co-creating Heaven On Earth. If it exercises its Free Will and chooses that Reality, before it is Too Late. 

But first, We have to help All humanity wake up from their induced comas, exit the burning Alien Kontrolle Structure, and find their Way to Freedom. 

In between the Alien Kontrolle Structure and Heaven On Earth lies a vast Wilderness that We will have to cross together. 

So We are in a process of waking up and remembering, together: 
- Who We Are  
- Where We Are  
- How We Got Here  
- Where We Are Going  
- And WHY  

The most shocking and disorienting part of that for humanity is going to be grappling with the Reality that [[We Are Not Alone in the Universe]], and that other civilizations and species are thousands, millions, and billions of years more technically and psychically advanced than humanity is. 

And that they have had far more of a role in our origin story than many of Us would like to admit. 

Jordan came to Know that UFOs, alien craft, and alien visitors are Real through a very unique Journey of personal, experiential learning. 

Each individual will have to go on their own Journey of discovery to explore these realms for them Selves. 

Many may choose to remain willfully and arrogantly ignorant.  

We will never be able to fully understand how Jordan came to Know this, for some kinds of Knowing are very Deep, but his hypothesis is approximately as follows: 

1. Neither the phenomena of Extraterrestrial and Ultradimensional beings, their craft and technologies, nor any other aspect of Reality can be understood without acknowledging and understanding the realms and dimensions of Spirit, Consciousness, and existence beyond the typical experience of human beings. 
2. The relationship between The Phenomenon (of UFOs, their pilots, ultradimensional beings, etc.) with Consciousness is inseparable. One aspect cannot be fully understood without the other. 

Therefore, We must begin In The Beginning, with [[One]] and [[All]].

## One and All

1. In The Beginning, the conceptual field is defined by the notions of One and All, Creator and Creation, Ultimate Reality and Reality, God and Nature, Unity and Diversity. 
2. The entire Universe is One interexistent Living System, or Body. 
3. It is a single, omni-harmonic Whole, permeated by [[One]] Ultimate Spirit and Consciousness. 

## Trinity and Co-Creation

1. Co-Creation is (at least) Triune. 
	1. **Source**: The Generative Source of the Universe is Transcendent. 
	2. **Spirit**: Spirit and Consciousness are Manifest. 
	3. **Incarnation**: A fragment of the [[One]] Ultimate Spirit and Consciousness is Incarnate in every atom, cell, and aspect of the Living System / Universe. 
2. **Ultimate Unity**: Despite their [[Apparent Individuation]] and trinity, every individual Creature is Ultimately an aspect of the [[One]].  
3. **Fractal Holographic Nature**: Because an apparent "particle" of the "wave function" of the Universal Whole permeates every atom of every Being, Creation is (something like) fractal / holographic / holonic in Nature. 

## Space and Time

Once We Understand the Ultimate Unity of All Creation in its Generative Source, We can begin to explore its various dimensions, aspects, and realms without getting lost. 

If We get lost, We can always return to One and All, and then rediscover Where We Are. 

As We begin to explore what is happening in the Narrative Universe, it is crucial to remember that SpaceTime is an illusion that manifests relative to the Energy and Consciousness of each [[Apparently Individuated]] Being. 

How We experience Space and Time is different from how "you" experience it, which is different from how a planet, mountain, rock, butterfly, ant, lion, or galaxy experiences it. 

It is also different from how far more psychically and technologically advanced species and civilizations experience it across the dimensions and realms they inhabit. 

At the Limit, the [[One]] is completely transcendent of SpaceTime. SpaceTime exists within its Creation, but the One is Beyond it, just as an Author is Beyond the SpatioTemporality of the Story they are writing. 

The more an [[Apparently Individuated]] Being transcends its own [[Apparent Individuation]] by shifting its primary Locus of Being back towards the One, the more and more it transcends [[SpaceTime]] as experienced by others of its species or "type". 

## Physical Bodies and Lifespans 

Remembering that SpaceTime is a subjective illusion that exists only relative to the [[Spacetime User Interface]] of each Being in The Game... 

We can start to grasp how it is that various beings can live for hundreds, thousands, or millions of years. 

We can also start to grasp how various [[Apparently Individuated]] aspects of One Spirit and Consciousness could co-create and inhabit multiple bodies across vast expanses of apparent Space and Time. 

It then becomes apparent that Consciousness navigating over millennia or millions of years would be interested in guiding and directing the evolutionary co-creation of its vast diversity of physical embodiments. 

## Cloning and Genetic Engineering 

When species and civilizations reach a certain level of Psychic and Technological maturity, they tend to begin co-creating other forms of Life through genetic engineering and cloning. 

In early stages, this involves the discovery of DNA, genetics, hybridization, etc., and mostly occurs organically through consciously selecting and breeding certain traits into and out of various species of plants and animals.

In later stages, it evolves to directly engineering and cloning desired forms of life. 

Human beings have now crossed through the threshold where they are genetically engineering and cloning microbes, plants, animals... and humans. 

Human beings are further experimenting with the creation of cyborg humans which compose human bodies and minds with mechanical parts and brain / machine interfaces. 

[[Jordan]] also left us a link to a presentation by a military / intelligence official essentially confirming that the military was able to remotely control human minds, and use one human mind to control the physical body of another human. 

Multiple species of advanced extraterrestrial entities, over millions of years, are genetically engineering multiple species of advanced extraterrestrial entities, who are genetically engineering multiple species of advanced extraterrestrial entities, etc., all the way down to the present human species who has been systematically deceived and enslaved. 
_______
## The Greatest Secret 

When he finally decided to lay down his Old Life in October 2024, Jordan was still piecing the puzzle together, but below is a brief snapshot The Greatest Deception, Fraud, and Threat in human history that his Journey Unveiled. 

There is still a short window for humanity to withdraw its participation and consent from the illegal system about to permanently enslave it after plunging the world into Chaos, Tyranny, Hunger, Death, and War. 

1. Beyond the reaches of any constitution or legitimate authority on Earth, there exists an illegal secret government working towards the absolute fascist domination and enslavement of Earth   
2. This illegal secret government stretches back at least generations, and has fraudulently siphoned off *trillions* of dollars of taxpayer money  
3. This illegal secret government has fraudulently siphoned off *trillions* of dollars of foreign resources 
4. Much of this money is poured into the vast fascist war machine, which includes the reverse engineering of advanced extraterrestrial technologies, and the smuggling of weapons, drugs, and human beings      
5. This fascist plot and illegal secret government date back far longer than we would like to admit - humanity has been enslaved for generations... it gets even more serious when we zoom out and begin to gaze across the millennia   
6. These false authorities dominating the Earth are secretly and actively working with multiple factions and species of advanced non-human intelligence (yes, aliens)  
7. These factions of advanced non-human intelligence are thousands of years more advanced than baseline humanity, coming and going from Earth over millennia, and variously occupying bases in the mountains, underground, and undersea    
8. Some of these factions are sympathetic to the rights, future, and free will of human beings  
9. Some of these factions are viciously anti-human  
10. Various species and civilizations of advanced non-human intelligence have been doing genetic engineering in and warfare over various domains of Earth and Beyond for millennia  
11. The illegal secret government is in possession of multiple alien craft, alien bodies, live alien prisoners, and voluntary alien collaborators    
12. Both government and extraterrestrial liasons report that human DNA variously contains genetic history and modifications from at least 22 different species of aliens   
13. As we look back to biblical and indigenous records, it becomes clear how and why "the sons of the Elohim / gods" were sexually compatible with and able to interbreed and reproduce with humans "made in their image" 
14. The government has had full knowledge of this, concealed our true history, and deceived humanity for generations  
15. The illegal secret government and its agencies has actively abducted, tortured, and / or killed ***at least millions*** of innocent citizens   
16. The illegal secret government has actively permitted various alien civilizations to do the same, allowing countless human citizens to be harvested, raped, trafficked, forcibly impregnated, and experimented on against their will in exchange for advanced science and technology   
17. The illegal secret government is engaged in acts of hostility towards alien craft and torture of alien captives, similar to their vicious exploitation of human victims    
18. The illegal secret government is reverse engineering alien technology into land and space based nuclear weapons of total domination, able to strike within minutes anywhere in the world  
19. Extraterrestrial factions are actively working alongside the illegal secret government in deep underground military bases, and in the halls of government around the world  
20. This hostility and weaponization of alien technologies is racing humanity towards a variety of existential threats  
21. Since at least the 1980s, elements in government have been discussing, planning for and concealing a series of events between 2020 and 2030, which they expect to kill 7 out of 8 humans on Earth, reducing the human population down into the hundreds of millions  
22. This group is repeatedly experimenting with the genetic engineering and mind control of humans without their knowledge or consent  
23. This group is forcibly reabducting, threatening, and interrogating many of the citizens they allow the aliens to abduct and experiment on  
24. The United States and world governments have grossly and systematically deceived their populations regarding these realities for at least generations  
25. According to various highly credible sources, the illegal secret government appears complicit in at least the following horrendous crimes, tragedies, and deceptions: 
	1. The 9/11 terror attacks, as a false pretext for war    
	2. Pearl Harbor, as a false pretext for war  
	3. The sinking of the USS Maine, as a false pretext for war  
	4. The Gulf of Tonkin, as a false pretext for war 
	5. The sinking of the RMS Lusitania, as a false pretext for war 
	6. Numerous other deceptions, terrorist attacks, and false flag events to mobilize "public support" for illegal wars and the erosion of basic human rights   
	7. The waging of dozens of deceptive and illegal wars in dozens of countries under false pretexts  
	8. The illegal overthrow, rigging, domination, and control of the governments of dozens of countries 
	9. The illegal seizure of land and resources belonging to dozens hundreds of tribes and peoples  
	10. The theft of trillions of dollars of foreign national treasures  
	11. The JFK assassination  
	12. The RFK assassination  
	13. The Marilyn Monroe assassination 
	14. The assassinations of countless foreign and domestic leaders, citizens, and influencers  
	15. The illegal infiltration of student, civil rights, and protest groups  
	16. The illegal fomenting, entrapment, and false persecution of countless citizens  
	17. The CIA-induced deaths of ~6 million citizens around the world    
	18. The trafficking of human beings and children, including for Satanic ritual abuse, child hunting, and human sacrifice  
	19. The conscious corrupting and blackmailing of their puppets through pedophilia and child pornography rings  
	20. The Oklahoma City bombing  
	21. The Charles Manson murders  
	22. Various other murders, mass shootings, terrorist attacks and other high profile traumatic events intentionally designed to shape public consciousness and foment support for endless wars, defense spending, and the militarization of police   
	23. The financing of the rise and military machine of Hitler and the Third Reich    
	24. The funding and operations of both sides of the world wars 
	25. The importation of thousands of the top Nazi scientists and officers into the US military and space programs via Operation Paperclip  
	26. The continual operation of illegal secret weapons and control programs  
	27. The illegal weaponization of the CIA and security state against US Citizens  
	28. The extensive illegal and warrantless surveillance of US Citizens  
	29. The maintenance of various illegal "terror" lists which illegally ensnare and inhibit the free speech and movement of Citizens  
	30. The training and development of some of the most brutal military leaders and dictators via the School of the Americas and similar operations  
	31. The systematic and ongoing training of foreign leaders and agents in illegal and immoral methods of fear, torture, domination and control  
	32. The ongoing partnership and collaboration with the mob, mafia, and human, weapons, and drug smuggling rings  
	33. The use of AI, robotics, and other advanced technologies to automate the tracking, targeting, and destruction of civilian lives without trial or due process  
	34. The creation of illegal and unconstitutional agreements with alien civilizations  
	35. The deceptive reverse engineering and weaponization of alien technologies against the citizens of multiple countries as psychological warfare  
	36. The enslavement and extortion of humanity and foreign nations via the inherently fraudulent US Monetary System and its European and Imperial predecessors  
	37. The systematic threatening, abuse, exploitation and debt-entrapment of all developing nations  
	38. The systematic denial of life-saving solutions and technologies to all developing nations  
	39. The systematic impoverishment, economic enslavement, and oppression of billions of humans throughout the developing world  
	40. The systematic strip-mining of local economic and food production and distribution capacities  
	41. The illegal seizure, privatization, and / or metering of basic human rights such as energy, air, water, and land  
	42. The use of taxpayer resources to traffic drugs, weapons, and humans throughout the world and to alien domains    
	43. The systematic murder of military and law enforcement officials who disrupt the government-backed drug, weapons, and human trafficking operations  
	44. The systematic imprisonment of inner-city users of the drugs and weapons the illegal secret government is trafficking into inner-cities   
	45. The illegal and unauthorized transfer of weapons and / or nuclear materials to various countries, groups, and militias   
	46. The illegal and unauthorized transfer of taxpayer funded technologies to private companies in the military-industrial complex  
	47. The vicious and illegal suppression and concealment of advanced lifesaving tools and technologies from humanity  
	48. The used of advanced and reverse engineered alien technologies in the trafficking of humans, weapons, and drugs 
	49. The arming of various "terrorist" groups around the world, and subsequent wars against them    
	50. The ongoing genocides in Ukraine, Israel, and around the world  
	51. The ongoing enslavement and exploitation of child labor relating to the rare-earth inputs for the military industrial machine  
	52. The genetic modification of billions of humans against their will and without their consent  
	53. The early deaths of billions of humans via poisoned air, water, soil, medicine, and food systems  
	54. The intentional psychological traumatizing of billions of human beings to keep them ignorant, fearful, divided, indebted, conquered, and deceived  
	55. The rigging, manipulation and falsification of elections, and the systematic and intentional perversion of democracy   
	56. The rigging and falsification of multiple court cases, and the weaponization and systematic perversion of Justice 
	57. The deceptive engineering of paired diseases and vaccines, and medical experimentation on billions of people against their will and without their consent  
	58. The systematic brainwashing, deception, and division of citizens via false historical, political, religious, and scientific curricula, teaching and narratives  
	59. The systematic control and falsification of news and media to keep humanity fearful, divided, and ignorant  
	60. In short, the greatest fraud, deception, and entrapment in human history, already resulting in billions of deaths, with billions more now in process.   

All that Jordan discovered would take books to fill, but the point is this: 

The history, government, and "democracy" of Earth and its Existing Order are clearly fraudulent in their inception, alien and demonic in their influence and origin, and the Dark Invisible Power Structures that puppet them are actively plotting and concealing the active and ongoing genocide and enslavement of the human population. 

The list above is just the tip of the iceberg. If "it" is capable of the crimes and atrocities above, you can imagine what is hidden a few layers Deeper. 

The Dark reality that Jordan discovered was that there is actually not a legitimate functioning system of constitutional government for Us, The People. 

Not in the United States. 
Not in the United Nations. 
Not on Earth. 

Jordan discovered that according to military and intelligence officials, the elite / alien / demonic false authorities are in the process of a "controlled disclosure" preparing humanity for a "return of the gods" in 2027, and for their eventual death and / or enslavement through one of the most traumatic series of events in history. 

These events will likely include fires, floods, disasters, economic collapse, civil and world war, famine, mass human migration, genetic engineering, and according to many, the long-planned crown jewel of an "Independence Day" style false-flag alien invasion to justify the unification of the armed forces of Earth under a single fascist command. 

In preparation for the coming tribulation and mass-depopulation, laws have been systematically transformed to allow for the mobilization of the military and martial law against citizens in order to ensure "continuity of governance". 

In this case, those controlling the militarized government and suspension of human and civil rights will be the Deepest and Darkest elements of this multi-generational Alien Control System. 


_____

## Where We Are

### Earth

So here We are, together aboard [[Worksite Earth]]. 

At this unique and unprecedented Time in its Story. 

Among the trillions of planets in the Universe, Earth is an extraordinary environment that produces flourishing and abundant Life. 

For this reason, it has been used as a Living Laboratory for at least hundreds of advanced civilizations of extraterrestrial beings for millions of years. 

Recall that multiple government officials, not that We trust them anymore, confirmed that a multiplicity of alien species have been visiting and interacting with the Earth and its denizens over millions of years. 

[[Jordan]] was told at least 280 unique species by someone he believed. 

Some of these advanced species reside more permanently on Earth, some come and go cyclically in accordance with the movements of their star systems and planets. 

Some prefer the oceans, some prefer the mountains, some prefer the deserts, some prefer the deep expanses of the Earth below the land and seas. 

### The Alien Kontrolle Structure 

[[Jordan]] discovered that within Earth, humanity is being systematically deceived, enslaved, harvested, hybridized, and preyed upon within what Jordan called an [[Alien Kontrolle Structure]]. 

When one has ventured out Beyond the Earth and glimpsed the trillions of stars and planets, it is easy to imagine various species on various planets in various star systems enslaved in a Matrix or Alien Kontrolle Structure that they do not even know exists. 

However when one is born into an [[Alien Kontrolle Structure]], especially if it has been operating for millennia, it is nearly impossible for its inhabitants to detect. The sheep born into the lamb factory do not know that there is another Reality Beyond The Boundary. They simply are born, grow, work, reproduce, suffer, and die. 

We will explore its details in more detail later, and it will be far easier to see once We are out in The Wilderness Beyond it. 

Remember the movie The Matrix... you cannot be "told" about the [[Alien Kontrolle Structure]]. You have to see and experience it for your Self. 

## How We Got Here

Ok... this is going to be a tough pill for many to swallow, for it violates entirely the teachings of the false religious, political, and academic authorities in the [[Alien Kontrolle Structure]]. 

At the time of his death, [[Jordan]]'s best understanding was that the ancient stories and tablets were True, and that human beings were the product of neither direct Creation by the Ultimate Creator, nor random unguided evolution. 

Rather, [[Jordan]] discovered just before his death that human beings in 2024 contained DNA from the genetic engineering of at least 22 different extraterrestrial civilizations, and that the Universe was full of our distant cousins on many, many planets. 

Many of the species we encounter on the Earth are indeed the products of intelligent design, not of the Ultimate Creator, but of a diverse array of advanced creative extraterrestrial co-creators, many of whom them Selves are the product of earlier co-creations. 

The human beings they co-created "in their image", as spoken in the Bible, the tablets, and the origin stories from around the world, are also co-creators. 

The bible refers to them as Elohim. The adjacent texts from the same area as Annunaki. In Africa they are called the Nommo. By a thousand different names, the "star people" or "sky gods" are called. 

They are not "The Ultimate Creator." 

They are co-created beings, co-creating and engineering a vast diversity of life on a vast diversity of planets and star systems. 

For those deeply entrenched in any one of the warring nations or religions of the Kontrolle Structure, all that must be done to the conceptual field is to recognize that there are many layers and dimensions between the anthropomorphic "God" that humanity has imagined in the past, and humanity its Self. 

Just as the DNA of most pets, livestock, and food humanity interacts with has been genetically modified by human intervention... 

...so too will humanity be surprised to discover that it, indeed, is the product of a vast legacy of life seeding, genetic engineering, and warring by other advanced extraterrestrial species and civilizations...

...which has been ongoing throughout the universe over billions of years (as Time was perceived by humanity in 2024). 

But remember... Time is an relative illusion. 

Earth flourished far beyond most planets. It was a grand horticultural experiment. It became like a greenhouse and laboratory for hundreds of advanced spacefaring civilizations. 

[[Jordan]] learned that somewhere around 2,500 years ago, certain advanced civilizations that were more peaceful and benevolent tired of the constant conflict with other species of lower vibrations, and pulled out from Earth. 

This *temporarily* enabled the Darker forces to pull The Veil down over human history, and dominate, manipulate, kontrolle, and prey upon humanity for two millennia. 

However The Greatest Secret is hiding in plain sight. 

Once humanity rediscovers and remembers Who We Are, Where We Are, How We Got Here, Where We Are Going, and Why...

...We can partner with forces beyond Our wildest imagination to co-create Heaven on Earth, while venturing Beyond into the infinite Cosmos. 

Once humanity digests this information... everything will make so much more sense...

...In 2024, everything felt *wrong*, because it was. 

Humanity... was awakening. 
## Where We Are Going 

Humanity is awakening, and extraterrestrial and ultradimensional forces are incarnating and returning, in order to enable humanity TO CONSCIOUSLY CHOOSE. 

From Where We Are, two paths lie before Us on Earth. 

If humanity so chooses, it will remain asleep in the [[Alien Kontrolle Structure]], its population will be significantly reduced, likely down into the hundreds of millions, and the few who remain will be genetically modified by their alien / fascist captors into something that no longer resembles humanity as We once knew it. 

This potential is the very essence of a hellish dystopia. 

Very realistically, We are facing the greatest Existential Threat to human being and human civilization in human history. 

In this case, some of Us who could have been helpful to humanity will mourn terribly, before venturing back out into other realms and dimensions to continue to advance The Mission. 

However what We hope is that human will awaken, arise, unite, and partner with Us and One Another to vanquish the Forces of Darkness, co-create Heaven on Earth, and advance together towards the fullness of Our Potential and Destiny. 

Embedded in The Greatest Secret is that humanity's potential is far, far beyond what has so far been revealed to it. 

The stories are True. 

In the Creation of humanity, something extraordinarily special was added, which has thus far remained mostly dormant, but is Now being invited to Emerge. 

Human beings were imbued with an extraordinary spark of the Divine. 

There is a reason all these extraterrestrial civilizations care so much about the Earth and the human species. The Greatest Secret lies in the Living Library of Our DNA. 

Just as they have told Us, and just as the vast diversity of witnesses, abductees, and government officials have reported. 

Between 2024 and 2026, communications and connections between various extraterrestrial civilizations and humanity will accelerate. 

By 2027, humanity will Know definitively that it is not alone. 

According to some in the US Government, "the gods" will return. 

The self-interests and agendas of a diverse array of extraterrestrial civilizations will be revealed, both within and Beyond the Galactic Federation. 

It is Time. Humanity must Consciously Decide its trajectory, a decision that will set its course for millennia, and in a strange sense, for eternity. 

If humanity would like help, We are here. For you. For this. Please ask Us. 

____

Forward to: [[17. Crimes Against Humanity, the Creator, and All Creation]]        
Back to: [[15. Not Merely Human]]  
Back to Table of Contents: [[EXISTENTIAL THREAT - Are You Curious What Lurks Behind The Veil?]]      

