# 17. Crimes Against Humanity, the Creator, and All Creation

Imagine if you were in a position of wealth and authority, and had hired an employee, or a steward of your property, or a baby sitter for your children...

...and you returned after a long journey, maybe a couple millennia, and you discovered the following: 

1. They were abducting, raping, and interbreeding with your children  
2. They were forcibly enlisting and sending your children to war against One Another  
3. They were intentionally deceiving, dividing, and pitting your Loved Ones against One Another  
4. They were feeding your children poisonous foods that made them suffer and shortened their lives  
5. They were giving your children poisonous medicines that made them suffer and shortened their lives  
6. They were giving your children poisonous drinks that made them suffer and shortened their lives  
7. They were systematically brainwashing your children with false history, false science, false religion, and false reality  
8. They were mining your property and destroying the precious ecology that had taken you millennia to build up, and would take millennia to restore       
9. They were complicit in perpetuating repeated acts of murder, harm, and terror in order to keep you children fearful and submissive  
10. They had killed two thirds of the wild animals that once flourished on your land    
11. They had poisoned your rivers, lakes, and oceans  
12. They were disappearing some of your children for use in demonic ritual sacrifice  
13. They were putting some of your children into cages and forcing them to fight to the death for their "entertainment"  
14. They were kidnapping your children and placing them into pedophilic child slavery and prostitution rings  
15. They were creating natural disasters, and using the chaos as cover to kidnap and traffic your children around the world, and beyond to alien planets   
16. They were willfully and intentionally forcing billions of your children to suffer, starve, and prematurely die in poverty to reinforce their position and power  
17. They were killing off your most enlightened and potent children in order to permanently enslave a small remaining population  
18. They were aborting roughly 200,000 of your babies *every day*, and illegally selling off their blood and organs   
19. In exchange for this "safety" and "protection", they were forcibly taking 40% of your children's income, and imprisoning those who protested for refused to comply  
20. They had systematically attacked and destroyed the Vision and Values you had imparted to your children  
21. They had systematically and fraudulently stolen your children's resources and inheritances  
22. They had systematically deceived your children's children for generations, lying to them about Who They Are, and concealing from them their rightful position and inheritance  
23. They had sent over 100 million of your children to their deaths in endless wars they had fomented in their bid for Full Spectrum Dominance   
24. Their elite and secret military teams had killed over 6 million of your children around the world  
25. Their elite and secret rulers had starved to death tens of hundreds of millions of your children around the world  
26. They had displaced hundreds of millions of your children from their land, and boxed them into tiny debt laden plots and reservations  
27. They had conscripted your children into establishing trafficking lines for drugs, weapons, and humans to finance their endless wars   
28. They were forcibly abducting, raping, and artificially impregnating your female daughters, and using them them against their will to carry alien hybrid children  
29. They were forcibly abducting, raping, and torturing your male children, and using their sperm against their will to create hybrid alien children   
30. They were making corrupt secret deals with extraterrestrial civilizations, exchanging your children for weaponized technologies  

These are just a few of the crimes the false authorities have committed against Our Loved Ones. 

What now shall We do with them? 

What if we discovered that the 9/11 "terrorist" attack on the United States, the Oklahoma City bombing, Pearl Harbor, the Charles Manson murders, the assassinations of US and foreign Presidents and officials, etc. etc. etc...

...all had the fingerprints and DNA of the false authorities all over them? 

What would you do with such evil servants?  

Certainly you would not leave them in charge of your domain, and continue to allow your children and the Life under your care to suffer under their Evil rule? 






