# 18. The Exodus

Humanity can choose to make this as simple or complicated as it wants. 

The bottom line is that when humanity has been enslaved for generations, an Exodus is required.  

The [[Alien Kontrolle Structure]] cannot be transformed. No election hosted by the tyrants, fascists, aliens, and demons pulling the strings of the [[Visible Power Structures]] will make a difference. 

When the Existing Order is revealed definitively to be corrupt, fraudulent, and malevolent in its inception...

..humanity simply must reject and transcend it.  

Out of the [[Land Of Tyranny]], through [[The Wilderness]], and towards [[The Promised Land]]. 

Humanity cannot escape while 40% of every debt-dominated "dollar" it earns funds the [[Alien Kontrolle Structure]]. 

Humanity cannot escape while 100% of every debt-denominated "dollar" it earns tightens the enslaving chains.  

Nothing short of a Great Refounding of Human Civilization aboard [[Worksite Earth]] will do. 

So then the questions about life in [[The Wilderness]] emerge: 

1. What will We eat? 
2. What will We wear? 
3. How will We make decisions?  
4. How will We govern Our Selves? 
5. Where will We live?  
6. How will We pay for "health insurance"?  
7. How will We educate Our children?  
8. Who will pay Our "social security"?  
9. How will We buy things?  
10. How will We defeat the Army of tyrants / soldiers / aliens / robots / clones / orks / demons that will be chasing Us down?  

____

Forward to: [[19. Co-Creating The New World]]        
Back to: [[17. Crimes Against Humanity, the Creator, and All Creation]]  
Back to Table of Contents: [[EXISTENTIAL THREAT - Are You Curious What Lurks Behind The Veil?]]      



