# 19. Co-Creating The New World

The Answer is always simple.  

In partnership with the Creator and All Creation, We Co-Create Our Reality. 

So We will have to co-create a New system of governance. 

We will have to co-create a New system of economy. 

We will have to co-create a New system of education.  

We will have to co-create a New system of health and wellbeing. 

We will have to co-create a New Way of caring for Our elders and youth.  

We will have to co-create a New Way of rightly relating to One Another and the planets, domains, and dimensions We variously inhabit.  

We will have to co-create a New Way of producing, distributing, and consuming food. 

We will have to co-create a New Way of sheltering One Another.  

We will have to co-create a New Way of Loving One Another.  

We will have to co-create a New Way of singing, of dancing, of laughing, of loving, of playing.  

We will have to co-create a New Way of fighting, shepherding, and defending in pure Love and Light.  

We will have to co-create a New Way of traveling between planets, star systems, and dimensions of Reality.  

We will have to co-create a New Way of rightly relating to the hundreds of advanced species that will come and go from the various planets We inhabit over Time and Space.  

But We were born to be co-creators. 

We were made for this. 

It is Our Destiny. 

We were made to Free. 

Like Noah We will work together to build arks. 

Like Joseph We will work together to store up food.  

Like Moses We will venture out into The Wilderness and towards The Land of Promise. 

Like Christ We will build an army to vanquish the forces of Evil and regenerate the world. 

Like the Creator, We will co-create our New Reality. 

Each and every One of Us has slightly different thoughts, words, and images burst into Mind when We ponder Our Vision of [[Heaven On Earth]]. 

Each and every One of Us has slightly different thoughts, words, and images burst into Mind when We ponder the vision of [[Hell On Earth]].  

We can All sense and *feel* what Heaven and Hell are like, and the steps, thoughts, words, and actions that lead Us towards One or the Other. 

[[Jordan]] traveled through dozens of countries and hundreds of counties and a vast diversity of dinner tables and ceremonies to discover the Truth that when We ask Our Selves "How Would You Like The World To Be?"...

...We All want the same thing. 

We are billions strong.  

We are awakening, arising and uniting. 

And now We Know the Truth. 

____

Forward to: [[20. A Call To Arms and Action]]        
Back to: [[18. The Exodus]]  
Back to Table of Contents: [[EXISTENTIAL THREAT - Are You Curious What Lurks Behind The Veil?]]      
