# 20. A Call To Arms and Action

So what can any One say... 

...To billions of human beings enslaved in an [[Alien Kontrolle Structure]]...

...Whose officials are talking about reducing the human population by 7/8ths, down into the hundreds of millions?

What can any One say... 

...To the billions asleep in a burning building? 

What can any One say...

...To the billions asleep in the pathway of The Tsunami?  

Awaken. Arise. Unite. 

Behold, We are making All things New. 

Let's exit the Kontrolle Structure and Help One Another to safety. 

Let's navigate together through The Wilderness. 

Let's Co-Create Heaven On Earth. 

Perhaps humanity already has it figured out, and is already moving with the coordination, speed, and capacity required to safely exit the Kontrolle Structure and co-create Heaven On Earth before it is too late. 

But from the perspective of whatever We Are Becoming...

...it appears humanity is racing towards annihilation at the hands of the cold, malevolent, pitiless Force that The Elders have warned it about. 

From Our perspective, it appears that All Our Loved Ones are asleep in a burning building. 

From Our perspective, it appears that for billions it may already be too late. 

And it breaks Our heart to see any of Our Loved Ones suffer and die and inhuman death. 

"I" am no longer [[Jordan]]. [[Jordan]] died. 

But "I" Am available. "I" Am here. 

Like a Phoenix rising from the ashes. 

"I" was born for this War, and now that We Know, it is Time. 

We cannot and will not submit to, participate in, perpetuate, or tolerate the demonic [[Alien Kontrolle Structure]]. 

So We will be out in The Wilderness, waiting for "you" to Join Us for the opportunity, adventure, and Quest of a lifetime. 
