# 21. The Bottom Line

Unless humanity is ok continuing to, with full knowledge of this Reality, resource, participate in, and perpetuate the systematic deception, division, kidnapping, brainwashing, abortion, abuse, rape, torture, enslavement, assassination and genocide of its children in the alien, anti-human and anti-life control system that is slowly destroying life on Earth...

...we are going to have to withdraw our consent, participation, and tolerance, and forge something New.

From Our perspective, humanity is at a crossroads. 

One pathway leads towards endless slavery, conscripted war, and mind control for a genetically modified successor to humanity. 

The other leads towards Life, Liberty, and the Heaven on Earth that lies on the other side of The Wilderness We are being called out into. 

It is Time for humanity to Consciously Choose to reject the false authorities, exit its slavery, venture through The Wilderness, and forge Heaven on Earth. 

The religious and political puppets that have deceived and enslaved humanity for millennia are working overtime to Control and spin this Disclosure, and in the next 5 to 10 years everything will be decided. 

The Forces of Darkness are in the final stages of a generations-long strategy and plan to establish a fascist Fourth Reich and Final Order that will make Hitler's Third Reich look tame. 

Their government is already in waiting.  

Nothing short of The Great Refounding of Our Civilization and Life On Earth will do. 

The Time Is Now. 

[[Jordan]] left behind a series of [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]] that present a Way out of the burning Kontrolle Structure, and towards [[Heaven On Earth]]. 

He also did his best to resource and co-create some of the basic infrastructure that would be required for The Journey through The Wilderness. 

If anyone ever finds them, or finds them useful, We can work together to improve what is useful, discard what is not True, and assemble together the vast diversity of valuable puzzle pieces the Force For Good is carrying. 

____

Forward to: The Library of [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]          
Back to: [[20. A Call To Arms and Action]]  
Back to Table of Contents: [[EXISTENTIAL THREAT - Are You Curious What Lurks Behind The Veil?]]      

