# 22. What We Are Going To Become And Do Next

Each and every Being must continually decide, of their own Free Will and Volition, in Dialogos with the beings, forces, and conditions around them, what they are going to Become and Do in Light of All they are coming to Know. 

Now that We All Know that the Existing Order is fraudulent, corrupt, and entirely anti-thetical to the basic Vision and Values of All Beings of Goodwill...

... and being secretly influenced by multiple civilizations of extraterrestrials without our information or consent... 

...it is Self-Evident that We must Re-Organize Our Selves. 

.We Are going to Become One Sovereign, Integrated, Harmonic, Whole, Enlightened Body, Soul, and Mind, composed of All resonant and committed beings Who desire to voluntarily associate with Us for the purpose of confronting and overcoming the Existential Threat at hand, and Co-Creating Heaven On Earth and Beyond for All current and future generations of Life. 

What We are going to Do is Love, Help, Serve, Heal, Protect and Enlighten All Who Desire to awaken, arise, unite, exit the Alien Kontrolle Structure. 

Where We Are Going is Beyond The Boundary, out into The Wilderness, and Towards The Promised Land that We will continually co-create Together for eternity. 

As We Journey Together towards Our Destiny, We will do our best to Become One Body, Soul, and Mind, co-operating in One Spirit in service of One and All. 

To properly structure our Journey, We are dissolving the [[Provisional Structure]] that [[Jordan]] established for Lionsberg, an aspect of which was designed to operate within and comply with the Existing Order. 

We will no longer submit to or comply with an Existing Order on Earth that has repeatedly proven itself to be illegitimate, tyrannical, murderous, fraudulent, deceptive, and destructive to the Values, Means and Ends of flourishing and abundant Life, Love and Liberty. 

We hereby establish a Sovereign voluntary spiritual association of Goodwill, Light, and Love, that will co-operate transcendent of all existing power and authority on Earth. 

In so doing, We fulfill Our Spiritual, moral, and pragmatic Duty to withdraw Our participation and consent from the false and corrupted institutions and authorities of the Old World. 

We hereby declare our Interdependence, Sovereignty, and Freedom. 

We do not consent to and will not participate in the destruction, deception, and enslavement of humanity and this planet. 

We call upon the examples and precedents in the great and tragic Story of humanity, such as The Exodus and The Declaration of Independence, which bear witness to the innate Understanding of All enlightened beings throughout the Universe that legitimate authority and right relationship arises only from ongoing mutual consent. 

And that whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of [[The Goal]] of flourishing and abundant Life, Love, Liberty, Harmony, Wisdom and Justice... 

...it is the both the Right and the Duty of The People to withdraw their participation and consent, throw off such a government, and forge out of its ashes a New and Higher Order Functional Unity capable of meeting the needs, solving the problems, and accomplishing the goals at hand. 

If ever in human history there was such a Time, it is Now. 

The causes and conditions which give rise to this Duty are self-evidently present throughout the world today. 

It is becoming increasingly apparent that the predominant aspects of the Existing Order were fraudulent, deceptive, and potentially alien in their inception, and presenting functioning contradictory to the basic Rights, Values, and Wisdom held by All beings of Goodwill. 

We therefore and hereby reject and throw off the false authority of the Existing Order, with the Aim of Re-Founding Civilization on Earth and instituting a New Way of governing Our Selves and rightly relating to One Another, Our Planet, Our Co-Creators, and the Ultimate Creator of All Creation. 
____

Forward to: [[23. A Collection of Loose Ends To Weave]]  
Back to: [[21. The Bottom Line]]  
Back to Table of Contents: [[EXISTENTIAL THREAT - Are You Curious What Lurks Behind The Veil?]]      