# 23. A Collection of Loose Ends To Weave

1. We are out of Time... The Window is about to close. If that happens, countless generations may suffer in hell on Earth. It is not clear when, if ever, The Window of escape may open again. Especially if the remaining human population has been genetically altered. There may be no going back. 
2. Beware of genetic modification and weaponized vaccine platforms (mRNA)  
	1. Jordan's best understanding was that every individual who has received an mRNA treatment / vaccine has had something very previous robbed from them.  
	2. Jordan discovered that humanity was being herded into (something like) genetic engineering facilities, containment camps, and slaughter facilities of the Evil Empire...
3. Multiple wise grandmothers warned Jordan that something would soon be coming through the air, which would be very difficult to survive.  
4. William Tompkins discussed his work on a top secret and highly advanced air monitoring system that was being installed (at least) on the West coast of the United States. 
5. More than 100 years ago, a writer who called themselves Ingersoll Lockwood wrote a series of books called The Baron Trump novels, along with one called The Last President. 
	1. The Last President "is a surrealistic 1896 novel, where Americans are protesting a corrupt election process while the president's hometown of New York City is fearing the collapse of the republic after the transition of presidential power." It warns of the last election for president, as the country would dissolve within a single four year term.  
	2. WASHINGTON, July 27 (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate [Donald Trump](https://www.reuters.com/world/us/donald-trump/) told Christians on Friday that if they vote for him this November, "in four years, you don't have to vote again. We'll have it fixed so good, you're not gonna have to vote."
6. There is also evidence that We are also at the pre-known Time of the last pope.  
7. [[Jordan]] received information from the Pleadians that between ~2,000 and ~2,500 years ago, more benevolent extraterrestrial civilizations tired of the conflict with more malevolent extraterrestrials on Earth and pulled out, plunging this world into Darkness. 
8. Different officials put it in different ways, but some believe are re-manifesting to manage the human extinction.  
9. The Forces of Light and Love, which are aligned with Laws of Ultimate Reality, are far greater than the Forces of Darkness.  
	1. Just as there are advanced extraterrestrial and ultradimensional beings who are malevolent, there are a greater number of extraterrestrial and ultradimensional beings who are benevolent  
10. As We move together, try together, and pray together, God and an array of non-human intelligences from across the Universe stand ready to aid. At the same time, there is no "them" that can prevail for "us". "They" are there, "they" will aid, but "they" abide by the Spiritual Principles of Agency and Free Will, and "they" require that We do Our best and try.  
	1. Humanity must humbly and firmly arise, unite, align, and ASK FOR HELP. 
11. Our Destiny is to arise and unite as One truly independent and free Force For Good, to shake off the fetters of the Evil that has kept us divided, conquered, and enslaved for far too many generations, and to take up our rightful place within the Cosmos. 
12. There has not for millennia been a more exciting, dangerous, and meaningful Time and Place to be alive. 


____

Forward to: [[24. Notes For Further Research]]  
Back to: [[22. What We Are Going To Become And Do Next]]  
Back to Table of Contents: [[EXISTENTIAL THREAT - Are You Curious What Lurks Behind The Veil?]]      
