# 25. If We Knew The Wise Right Answer...

Remember from The Story of The Exodus out of [[The Caves]], that in order to cross through [[The Boundary]] and out into [[The Wilderness]], one must admit that [[We Do Not Know]]. 

Once We are out in [[The Unknown]], We are into an unpredictable and emergent process of learning, exploration, adventure, navigation, and co-creation.  

Since humanity has never Refounded its Civilization before within a single generation, none of Us "Know" precisely how to do this. 

However good coaches sometimes ask questions like: ***"If you knew the Wise Right Answer, what would it be?"***

____
Just as We can tell [[Backward Looking Stories]] about our perceptual past, so too can We tell [[Forward Looking Stories]] about our potential futures. 

Co-creatively telling a wide array of [[Forward Looking Stories]] is crucial, because it allows Us to [[Consciously Choose]], out of All [[Potential Futures]], the one We would most like to [[Progressively Realize]], or Co-Create.

Below is a Story that We believe is an approximately Wise, Right, and True answer to the opportunities, challenges, threats, and questions We are facing at this unique moment in history. 

____
On its Journey towards Destiny, humanity was standing at a crossroads. 

On November 13, 2024, after the latest congressional hearing on [[The Phenomenon]] of advanced non-human intelligence and their extraterrestrial craft, the headline We had been awaiting for generations finally graced the main page of the Wall Street Journal: 

***Former Pentagon Official on UFOs: 'We Are Not Alone'***  

Although [[12. Extraterrestrial Beings, Crafts, Civilizations, and Federations—From the Lips of the Authorities Themselves|thousands of credible witnesses had for years testified to the Reality of extraterrestrial beings, craft, and a decades long transnational reverse engineering program]], the fall and winter of 2024 was a watershed moment for disclosure, awakening humanity to its true origins, potential, and destiny among the stars. 

Humanity finally Knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that it was not alone in the Universe.  

In a flash, 80 years of deceit, obfuscation, threats, murders, and false wars were exposed for what they really were. 

Suddenly, 8 billion humans were aware that the poverty, the debt, the hunger, the sickness, the chaos, the conflict, the division, the oppression, the scarcity, the wars, the prisons, the refugee camps, the trafficking houses, and the terror they were suffering was not only unnecessary, it *was intentional.*

Suddenly, 8 billions humans were aware that for generations, they, their children, their parents, their grandparents, their grandchildren... had been deceived, manipulated, and abused... and that literally *billions* of humans had suffered and died prematurely as a result. 

Suddenly, 8 billions humans were aware that that the Existing Order on Earth was *[[Fraud In The Inception|fraudulent in its inception]]*. 

Suddenly, 8 billion humans were aware the the Existing Order on Earth was *alien in its inception*. 

The wave of revolting nausea, disgust, and disbelief rose up like a tsunami and swept the Earth. 

As the Knowledge that **Humanity Is Not Alone** covered the Earth like floodwaters, not a single pillar of the Old was left standing. 

Crack by crack, groan by groan, collapse by collapse, the Existing Institutions failed as the rising wave of Knowledge and Truth slammed into them. 

Humanity would have been lost in the floodwaters of chaos, except for one thing. 

Many of Us had Known this was coming, were Here For This, and had been hard at work building Arks. 
____

Like any Time a Living Creatures discovers ItSelf in the clutches of a predator or parasite, humanity was revolted, and willing to do anything to free ItSelf from the grip of the malevolence. 

Because 8 billion people, spread across 8 million communities, were All facing the same basic challenge, opportunity, and threat... 

...We decided to co-create a continuously improving System purpose built to awaken human beings to the present Reality, liberate them from the Alien Kontrolle Matrix, Heal them from their sickness and trauma, and progressively Enlighten and Empower them to Join The Movement and Co-Create The New Era of Heaven On Earth. 

The most amazing thing about the New Vision of Heaven On Earth was that it was not only a Vision of present perfection, but of a world *that continued to get a little better every day as All Creation worked together in Harmony to cause it to be so.*

Given that 8 billion people in 8 million communities All had to pass through the same basic process to co-create the New Era from the bottom up, in their own lives, their own families, and their own communities, watersheds, and bioregions... 

...and because that transformation had to happen [[Relatively Simultaneously]] around the world, humanity adopted as part of the New System what was called a [[Pattern Language]] of [[General Solutions]] that each Individual, Group, and Locality could customize and adapt to fit their local priorities, needs, and context.  

The most important parts of the [[Pattern Language]] were curated into [[The Prototype]], which functioned like a complete kit of interoperable parts that together addressed every issue that human beings face in local and global community.   

Drawing on Building Information Management and other paradigms, [[The Prototype]] was housed in a continuously improving Digital Commons that local groups could pull relevant pieces from. 

When groups or localities "pulled" an element of The New System, they got the latest and greatest version of that piece, which reflected the continuous learning and improvements made over the course of all prior implementations by all other groups. 

As the group worked to implement that aspect of The New System, they would inevitably identify insufficiencies or opportunities for improvement. As they worked with The Network to remedy the insufficiencies and make the desired improvements, these could be "pushed" back "up" to [[The Commons]], where qualified teams would update [[The Prototype]] for the benefit of all current and future groups. 

Each time The Prototype was updated, all local groups who so chose could "pull" down the update. 

In this Way, every [[Individual, Group, and Locality]] around the world had access to all the breakthroughs and improvements made by every other participant around the world. 

As first tens, then thousands, then millions of communities locally instantiated The New System simultaneously, the rate of continuous learning and improvement was astonishing. 

The design of [[The Prototype]] as a [[Kit of Parts]] that all Interoperated with One Another afforded two fundamental benefits: 

First, individuals, groups, and localities could choose to implement The New System piece by piece in any order they chose, in response to local opportunities, needs, and priorities. 

Second, not only were the elements of [[Kit of Parts]] interoperable with One Another locally, but they also enabled global interoperability across the Whole. 

This was crucial to ensuring, for instance, that a breakthrough in Citizen Science, Healthcare, or Learning in a particular locality could be rapidly propagated across the same sub-systems in any other localities that desired to benefit from the improvement. 

The design was similar to an Operating System for a cell phone or computer. Each of millions of local "instances" had a local copy of the [[New Operating System]] that they could customize to meet their preferences and needs. 

At the same time, any time an improvement was made to the [[New Operating System]] as a Whole, everyone could choose to update their local systems and benefit from the New features and benefits. 

____

## Taxes and Tithes 

Humanity discovered that in general it was being asked to pay ~40% in various taxes, 10% + in religious tithes, plus additional charitable contributions to address the myriad of symptoms flowing from the corrupted and failing Old Systems. 

It further discovered that this ~50% of its resources and energy were being used to fund its systematic deception, oppression, and progressive enslavement. 

As humanity withdrew it participation and consent from the Old System and existed the Alien Kontrolle Structure, it naturally chose not to contribute taxes and tithes back to the Old System they were existing. 

The effect on local communities was phenomenal. With an additional 50% more resources now in the hands of local citizens and communities, rather than distant federal and state bureaucracies, the feeling of abundance and the ability to rapidly make decisions and solve problems was incredible.  

Because there were important shared projects to be done, a New Systems to be continuously improved, humanity chose to aggregate and allocate the first 1/10th of its available Flow at each fractal level for the good of All. 

This New 10% Voluntary Tithe replaced the 50% demanded by the Old Authorities entirely, while doing far more good. 

## New Currencies 

Central to [[The Greatest Fraud, Deception, and Existential Threat in History]] was the Old debt-denominated fiat financial system. 

Humanity learned that it had been intentionally deceived into an endless cycle of employee-consumer-debt-slavery that had to be completely thrown off. 

The existing fiat currencies were already rapidly becoming [[Worth Less]], and so a transition towards New sovereign and interoperable [[Local Currencies]] was devised. 

The New System of sovereign [[Local Currencies]] was of course included in the [[Kit of Parts]] in [[The Prototype]], and many communities chose to implement it among the first priorities. 

Local communities discovered a trove of Real Wealth far greater than even the 40% taxation they were saving in the latent capacity of local community members, which previously was untapped because the lack of [[Old Currency]]. 

Empowered with a [[New Currencies]] rooted in locally managed systems of reciprocal [[Commitments]] made and kept, every individual was liberated to immediate begin doing what they were willing and able to do [[In Service To]] The Community, and be acknowledged and rewarded for the effort. 

Because the [[New Currencies]] was Local and not perpetually exiting the Locality, the [[Flow]] and [[Velocity of Currency]] skyrocketed, and along with it the [[Real Wealth]] of [[All]] members of the community. 

## New Accounting 

The [[New System]] and [[New Currencies]] naturally carried with them a mandate for [[New Accounting]].  

It was discovered that the [[Old Accounting]], which subordinated the Total Nested Hierarchy of Goods to the supremacy of Capital and Financial Gain, drove perverse and destructive incentives that were systematically destroying society and the planet.  

A [[New Accounting]] system rooted in [[Time-Energy Accounting]] and [[Real Wealth Accounting]] was co-created and continuously improved, made possible by the [[New Currencies]] that were rooted in Real Value Creating [[Commitments]]. 

This enabled the fundamental notion of [[Value]] to be redefined, and realigned with the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Values]]. 

## Learning 

As humanity gradually was Enlightened about what the False Authorities of the Old World had been systematically brainwashing their children with, transforming the [[Old Schools]] became a top priority. The youth had to be saved. 

[[New Schools]] began to spring up, with [[Learners]] of all ages voluntarily engaged in project based [[Lifelong Learning and Development]] in small groups and teams. 

## Health and Wellbeing 

As humanity gradually was Enlightened about what the False Authorities of the Old World had been systematically pumping into their bodies, transforming [[Old Healthcare]] became another top priority. The physical bodies of humanity had to be saved. 

New Clinics and paradigms of Lifelong Wellbeing sprang up, with Healers of all kinds guiding each individual, family, and locality on Pathways towards their best and highest physical, intellectual, and spiritual potential. 

## The Elevation Initiative 

As Individuals and Localities Progressed along the Pathway towards the fullness of their spiritual, intellectual, and physical potential, it became clear that each of these [[Apparently Individuated]] aspects was actually inextricably interconnected aspect of The Whole. 

A historic program, dubbed The [[Elevation Initiative]], was implemented to invite every participating individual, family, group, and locality to embark on a comprehensive Journey towards the fullness of their Spiritual, Intellectual, and Physical [[Potential]]. 

## Deep Listening 

As All Participants in the New System helped All other Participants rise towards the fullness of their Unique Potential and Flourish in Harmony, a Practice of [[Deep Listening]] was adopted. 

As Participants encountered challenges and opportunities along their [[Way]], these would be communicated out to The Network, categorized, and prioritized to inform [[The Roadmap]] towards [[Heaven On Earth]].  

## Quarterly Quests 

Every 90 days, the issues and needs that were most pressing for the greatest number of people, starting with the weakest and most vulnerable, would be prioritized and addressed via the next [[Quarterly Quest]]. 

Each Individual, Group, and Locality was encouraged to [[Consciously Choose]] a meaningful [[Quarterly Quest]] (or [[Seasonal Quest]]) every 90 days in response to the challenges, needs, and opportunities in their local reality. 

Over Time, humanity grew incredibly skilled at [[Stacking Up And Aligning]] their [[Quarterly Quests]] across [[Levels of Abstraction]]. 

Individual Quarterly Quests were chosen in support of Quarterly Quests of the families, groups, teams, and communities the Individual was engaged in. 

Group Quests were chosen in support of the Quarterly Quests the Communities they were engaged in. 

Community Quests were chosen in support of the Quarterly Quests of the Ecosystems and Bioregions they were engaged in. 

And Bioregional Quests were chosen in support of the Planet they were a part of. 

Reciprocally, the Quests at the Planetary level were chosen in support of the Bioregions. Bioregional Quests chosen in support of Communities. Community Quests chosen in support of families and groups, etc. 

## All Systems Helping All Systems Rise 

The basic logic of the New System, rooted in omniencompassing Love for One and All, was as follows: 

1. The Universe was an interexistent System of Systems. 
2. Every aspect of Reality but [[ONE]] was part of at least One Higher Order System, and composed of at least One Lower Order Systems. 
3. It was therefore the basic duty of every System to help both the [[Higher Order Systems]] it was part of, and the [[Lower Order Systems]] that were a part of it, develop towards the fullness of their potential and flourish in harmony and coherence. 

In this Way, the [[New System]] was designed so that All Systems were helping All Systems rise. 

## One Body 

Soon, humanity was beginning to co-operate as [[One Body]]. 

## Requests For Proposal (RFPs)

Once the priorities were identified at any level, a [[Request For Proposal (RFP)]] would be issued to the appropriate part of The Network so that various Participants could Propose Solutions. 

The most valuable Solutions and most capable Teams would then be resourced via the pool of Voluntary Tithes. 

Whenever possible, local needs and priorities were reframed as [[General Issues]] so that [[General Solutions]] could be devised and integrated into the [[Kit of Parts]] in [[The Prototype]]. 

This ensured that Solutions were being forged that benefitted The Whole, and not just a local part. For it was Understood that **every** locality would likely eventually experience the full set of [[General Issues]] experienced by **any** locality, or something very similar.  

## Governance As Navigation 

Having long been brainwashed into viewing governance as [[Power Over]], humanity reeducated ItSelf into understanding [[Governance]] as the act of navigating together towards Destiny. 

No longer subordinate to the [[Old Governments]] of Earth, and now taking up its sovereign and transcendent place among the powers of the cosmos, humanity began to relearn how to make decisions, allocate resources, solve problems, and accomplish goals with Wisdom and Skill. 

A strict paradigm of [[Subsidiarity]] was established, with a [[Fractal]] system of [[New Governance]] included in [[The Prototype]]. 

This ensured that resources power, and authority were [[Optimally Decentralized]], and that Authority was continually pushed away from the center and out to the [[Lowest Level of Analysis]] capable of solving a given issue or accomplishing a given goal. 

## Wisdom Councils 

A system of Wisdom Councils was established, with each fractal level establishing Wisdom Councils to provide wise guidance, oversee progress, resolve disputes, etc. 

## Double Linked Communication System

Anticipating that the [[Old Communication Platforms]] would fail or be taken offline, a double linked communication system was established that was based on human relationships rather than technology. 

While requiring "more work", it caused the wise elders to be in constant communication with [[One Another]] across [[Levels of Analysis]] and [[Levels of Abstraction]], creating a continual flow of information that fed into the system of [[New Governance]]. 

The Council of a small group, for instance, would nominate one of its members to to represent it a "level up" at the Community level. 

The Community Council would therefore be composed of the elders nominated by the groups that were a part of it. 

The Community Council in turn would nominate one of its elders to represent it a "level up" at the Bioregional level. 

The Bioregional Council would therefore be composed of the elders nominated by the Communities that were a part of it. 

And so on, up to planetary scale and Beyond. 

Council sizes were limited to 12 + 1 in number, the +1 being a representative from one level up who was selected to help guide the council. 

This established a comprehensive system of eldership and mentorship across The Network, with those recognized by councils as most wise continually being elevated towards discernment and decision making at higher levels of abstraction. 

At least once a month, councils were required to convene so that the communications and concerns of the sub-councils could be brought forward, and solutions and responses generated, which would be communicated back out. 

This Story is a [[Work In Progress]]... publishing as We go... more to come soon, and similar Visions and Stories exist in more detail in other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]. 


___

Forward to: The Library of [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]          
Back to: [[24. Notes For Further Research]]   
Back to Table of Contents: [[EXISTENTIAL THREAT - Are You Curious What Lurks Behind The Veil?]]      