# 3. A Cold and Pitiless Force

On his journeys through the Earth, Jordan developed a deep love and appreciation for the keepers of the ancient secrets and Wisdom around the world. 

One of the last great South African wisdom keepers perhaps said it best before he died, as he desperately tried to warn humanity: 

*"But now, you are going to face something even 1,000 times more dangerous for God's sake. A pitiless force. A force of destruction and enslavement. This is what you are going to face. And you are not in your right head at all... and when I say this I speak from experience."*

He knew about "it" from experience, because for generations even the mightiest warriors of the tribes of Africa had lived in fear of them. 

He knew about "it" from experience, because "it" brutally abducted, tortured, raped, and experimented upon him personally, along with many of his Loved Ones and Community. 

He knew about "it" personally, because "it" had forcibly harvested his sperm, stuck tubes into his body, and traumatically forced him to impregnate one of its female alien beings, like so many others. 

Those of Us who have experienced their talons in our flesh and their stench in our noses and felt the merciless and compassionless cold that runs through their veins first hand KNOW.  

And We can never Unknow what We have experienced. 

We can never Unsee what We have seen. 

We can never Unhear what We have heard. 

We can never Unsmell what We have smelled. 

The Spirit deep within "you" knows it too, for beneath The Veil of Our Apparent Individuation, We Are One. 

____

Forward to: [[4. From Jordan to J]]        
Back to: [[2. The Mysterious Year of 2017]]  
Back to Table of Contents: [[EXISTENTIAL THREAT - Are You Curious What Lurks Behind The Veil?]]      



