# 4. From Jordan to J

We know this may sound very odd to those who have never gone through the suffering, death, and dissolution of your life and world...

...but in a far more Real sense than mere physical death, [[Jordan Nicholas Sukut]] died in this Story.  

You will never be able to speak with or find the person that ventured out Beyond The Boundary of The Community in 2017. 

The naive young man who grew up and worked and played among you for 39 years suffered and died along with his innocence at the hands of the cold and merciless force now racing towards The Community. 

Perhaps some of you have also felt the torturous sting of suffering so intense that you beg the Creator to liberate the Spirit within and relieve you of your SpatioTemporal suffering and form. 

Perhaps some of you have also cried tears of blood and longed for the sweet and merciful kiss of physical death to blissfully free you from the cold fires of hell.  

Perhaps some of you have also had to call the spiritual warriors to resuscitate and shield your physical form from ruthless spiritual attacks on the systems of your body. 

Those of you who have undergone various versions of this crucible will understand that the sacrifice of ones physical life and body is nothing compared to the deeper levels of suffering and sacrifice that one can be called upon to endure. 

It is possible to exist in a body in a way where physical death appears to be suffering and loss. The sensation is something like being "above" the line of Life and Death, and looking down on death as a fall or descent to be carefully avoided. 

It is also possible to exist in a body in a way where physical death appears to be the sweetest and most desirable gain. The sensation is something like being underwater "below" the line of Life and Death, and looking up at death as a gain or ascent to be grasped as salvation. 

Having Journeyed into the fiery depths of embodied hell, Our greatest hope is that the suffering and death of [[Jordan Nicholas Sukut]] under the cruel talons of the encroaching Evil can spare you and your Loved Ones from the same fate. 

In a strange Way, What We Are Becoming now finds its Self speaking through his body and writing these words with his fingers, but [[Jordan Nicholas Sukut]] no longer exists. 

Having laid down Our Life in this Story, We would Deeply prefer to remain beyond identity. Since that can be confusing for those who not tasted the Heavenly Bliss of the Absolute Harmonic Unity that lies Beyond The Veil of our Apparent Individuation, if "you" call "me" J "I" will do my best to remember that it is "me", and answer the Apparently Differentiated "you". 

But Our Deeper Prayer is that soon, We Will Be One.  

____

Forward to: [[5. The Shocking Creatures That Jordan Discovered]]        
Back to: [[3. A Cold and Pitiless Force]]  
Back to Table of Contents: [[EXISTENTIAL THREAT - Are You Curious What Lurks Behind The Veil?]]      
