# 5. The Shocking Creatures That Jordan Discovered

Ok... so now is where the Story gets interesting. 

We mentioned before that in the strange and mysterious year of 2017, as the Spirit called so many of Us up... 

...religious and political officials began a formal, sophisticated, and real process of "**controlled disclosure**" to begin acclimating the public to The Greatest Secret in human history. 

I hope that the Profound Question was raised in each of you: 

"Controlled Disclosure... of What?"

It is here that We must modify the Profound Question ringing in Our ears. 

The even more Profound Question is not **WHAT**, but **WHO**.  

The technology, the human abductions, the bloodless, trackless mutilations of animals, the ability to travel through space, air, and water with equal ease a that thousands of miles an hour and beyond... 

...all are quite captivating. 

But the Deeper question is Who are the pilots and originators of these crafts and interventions, where do they come from, how did they get here, and what do they want? 

Now before We explore the strange creatures that Jordan encountered on his Journey Beyond The Boundary, We have to pass through the gate of a very nefarious psychological roadblock to Our Liberation. 

Because the false religious and political "authorities" that We looked to for leadership, guidance, and protection in the past have been systematically brainwashing Us since the moment of Our incarnation, Our minds are naturally conditioned to be resistant to The Revelation that follows. 

The way beyond it is to remember that it is these same false authorities, in official communications and legislation from the Vatican, the United States Government, and governments around the world, who are now engaged in the carefully Controlled process of slowly "disclosing" to the public that for generations, they have been systematically lying, deceiving, murdering, kidnapping, and torturing Our Loved Ones to guard The Greatest Secret in human history. 

**WE ARE NOT ALONE**.

____

Forward to: [[6. Controlled vs. Catastrophic Disclosure]]        
Back to: [[4. From Jordan to J]]  
Back to Table of Contents: [[EXISTENTIAL THREAT - Are You Curious What Lurks Behind The Veil?]]      




