# 6. Controlled vs. Catastrophic Disclosure

Around the world, there exists a vast diversity of religious and political authorities, along with their strange masters, who are complicit in The Greatest Fraud And Deception in human history. 

We will soon discover that in fact the top levels of every government and religious authority on Earth was party to the fraud. 

For Our purposes here, We will briefly focus on "Disclosure" through the lens of the two most powerful political and religious entities of the last two millennia: the United States Government and The Vatican. 

Once We understand their unholy alliance and mutual complicitness in the systematic deception and oppression of humanity stretching back for millennia, the all-encompassing implications will become reasonably clear. 

The false religious and political authorities understand that if The Veil were torn and humanity understood the scope and extent of their deception, fraud, and oppression, humanity would instantly revolt, and they would lose the illegitimate authority they have been perilously clinging to. 

They refer to this potential as "[[Catastrophic Disclosure]]", and they have systematically threatened, tortured and killed countless people to ensure it does not occur. Including Presidents, Popes, and others of their "world leader" puppets. 

As a result of their fear of [[Catastrophic Disclosure]] and subsequent loss of **POWER AND CONTROL**, they are engaged in a "Campaign of [[Controlled Disclosure]]" to reveal just enough information to humanity to keep them fearful, divided, conquered, and controlled. 

Jordan's Story is a Story of Catastrophic Disclosure. It rips The Veil wide open. 

It is one Way towards the Full Disclosure that humanity both deserves and requires if We are to survive and thrive together through the Existential Threat We are facing. 

____

Forward to: [[7. The Truth Shall Set Us Free]]        
Back to: [[5. The Shocking Creatures That Jordan Discovered]]  
Back to Table of Contents: [[EXISTENTIAL THREAT - Are You Curious What Lurks Behind The Veil?]]      
