# 7. The Truth Shall Set Us Free

The governing philosophy of the illegitimate authorities that ruled the Old World for the last generations is that they have the right, and even the twisted "moral duty" (according to the Code of Darkness) to lie, cheat, steal, torture, and kill in order to advance the narrow interests of their little corner of the Evil Empire. 

This include the institutions it dominates and puppets, such at the United States, NATO, the United Nations, the Vatican, and virtually every other religious, political, and social institution on Earth. 

Now We should clarify that when We refer to the United States or the United Nations, We are not referring to the good people of the small communities around the world. We are not referring to the everyday citizens doing their best, going to work, going to church, helping those who suffer, struggling to make ends meet, and coaching their kid's sports teams. 

We are referring to the corrupt and illegitimate institutional structures of "governance", "economy", "academia", etc. 

All reasonably Wise, Right, and Good beings have a very different philosophy of governance, which values **The Spirit** within each Being above All as the primary locus of Sovereignty and Authority. 

From this baseline it promotes the Shared Quest towards Wisdom and Truth in a Spirit of Power, Love, and Sound Mind. 

Along the Way towards Wisdom and Truth, it is guided by a Spirit of All-Permeating Love that protects the weak and the vulnerable, and transforms the root causes of injustice. 

By Truthfully telling Jordan's Story and Disclosing what he discovered, We are attempting to catastrophically shatter the Control Structure and Controlled Disclosure of the Evil Empire, and thereby expose the greatest fraud, deception, and existential threat in human history. 

____

Forward to: [[8. What Will Humanity Do In Light Of All It Is Coming To Know?]]        
Back to: [[6. Controlled vs. Catastrophic Disclosure]]  
Back to Table of Contents: [[EXISTENTIAL THREAT - Are You Curious What Lurks Behind The Veil?]]      
