# 9. The Insatiable Thirst For Blood, Fear, and Full Spectrum Dominance 

One of the most difficult aspects of the inbreaking Revelation is that most human beings cannot imagine or grasp the level of Evil and inhumanity We are dealing with. 

We simply cannot imagine that "they" could actually be both willful and capable, for instance, of the systematic abduction, rape, torture, and ritual sacrifice of Our children, in a way that ensures maximum pain, suffering, and negative emotion, which they view as a sort of warped elixir of false life. 

Jordan refused to believe it, and it cost him his life. 

The explicit aim and insatiable thirst of the Evil Empire, as seen for instance through the planning and policy documents of various factions of the United States Government, or Hitler's empire who they also funded and lifted to power, is [[Full Spectrum Dominance]] of humanity, the planet, and beyond. Full stop. No mercy. No qualifications. 

It is the classic game of cold, hard, draconian Empire and Oligarchy, flowing from an insatiable, ancient, and primal thirst for blood, fear, and dominion. 

It is ancient and archetypical, stretching back beyond the foundations of the world, and into the various Spiritual and Metaphysical realms Deep beneath the shallow material existence of life on Earth these last millions of years. 

As We gradually come to understand that the Deepest puppet masters of the [[Visible Power Structures]] on Earth are [[Not Merely Human]], We come to progressively realize why and how it is that their Quest for [[Full Spectrum Dominance]] extends not only to every corner of Earth, but throughout the Galaxy and Beyond. 

There is Way more to Reality than meets the human eye. 

The real wars are fought not within, but over star systems, worlds, and realms. The provincial local battles within any little domain such as the United States are nowhere near where The War really lies. All the political, social, and religious drama exists only as part of the Puppet Show that for generations kept humanity Distracted, Divided, Conquered, and Deceived. 

Like it or not, We on Earth were born into a world at war. 

What current and former "authorities" of the Old Institutions around the world are now admitting is that multiple advanced civilizations of extraterrestrial beings have been coming and going from Earth, and warring over it, for millennia. 

And the unholy alliance of false religious and political authorities around the Earth have intentionally and successfully concealed this Reality from an emerging human species they are desperately trying to keep divided, conquered, dominated, and enslaved. 

____

Forward to: [[10. Extraterrestrial Intervention and Forced Disclosure]]        
Back to: [[8. What Will Humanity Do In Light Of All It Is Coming To Know?]]  
Back to Table of Contents: [[EXISTENTIAL THREAT - Are You Curious What Lurks Behind The Veil?]]      



