# 9.15 Who Interprets The Spirit And Law Of The One?

The idea that there is [[ONE]] Highest Law that is transcendent, eternal, and above every earthly articulation is accepted by billions of people from many traditions.  

Yet the Institutionalized Religious Denominations and Ideologies they have subordinated their [[Spiritual And Intellectual Will]] to are in conflict and irreconcilable on the surface. 

So who interprets the [[Spirit]] and the [[Law]] of the [[ONE]]?  

To what institution shall we grant authority to be the arbiter of the Will and Intention of the [[ONE]] [[Sovereign]] that [[All]] [[Sovereigns]] are subject to? 

How now shall we Govern our Selves? How now shall we Rightly Relate to [[ONE]], [[One Another]], and [[All]]? 

Shall we [[All]] submit our [[Spiritual And Intellectual Will]] to the Roman Catholic Church, when they are acting in their Magisterium, as their laws demand their adherents do? 

Shall we [[All]] submit our [[Spiritual And Intellectual Will]] to one of the Islamic hierarchies or institutions? 

Shall we [[All]] submit our [[Spiritual And Intellectual Will]] to a political body like the [[United Nations]], who could appoint a council to decide for us? 

Certainly any of these solutions is preposterous and wrong. 

[[Sovereignty]] does not flow from [[ONE]], to any earthly authority or institution. 

It flows directly and personally from [[ONE]] to [[All]].  

Thus it has been said that you are now a King and Priest, a Queen and a Priestess. 

There is no [[Authority]] on earth to whom you must submit or subordinate your [[Self]]. 

And yet as soon as we take up our rightful place and inheritance as Children of the [[ONE]], and [[Co-Creators]] of the [[New World]], we immediately realize that we cannot do it alone, and we must voluntarily begin to stack up and align our Sovereignty and Agency so that we can do together what none of us can do in isolation. 

___

Forward to [[9.16 The House Of Wisdom]]    
Back to [[9.14 The One Sovereign That All Sovereigns Are Subject To]]        
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  

