# 9.17 Conscious Evolution Of Law And Authority

While much of our [[Old Law]] and [[Old Way]] to date has been unconsciously developed and rooted in the false paradigms and philosophies of the [[Old World]], we now find our Selves on the [[Threshold]] of an entirely [[New Era]] of [[Consciousness]] and Being. 

There are two basic types of evolutionary tendencies. 

One is predominantly characterized by successive transformations gradually applied to the product of previous transformations in adaptation to the surrounding environment. 

The second is, from the brink of [[Chaos]], a [[Quantum Leap]] towards a more optimal state.

The quantum leaps, or [[Phase Transformation|Phase Transformations]] of complex adaptive systems, seem to occur when complex systems are pushed close to their breaking point, yet have not yet entirely descended into [[Chaos]].  

We are in a moment where the survival of our species likely depends on its ability to pass this final test and perform the quantum leap to more optimal state.

This will be impossible without a rapid, conscious evolution of [[Law]] and [[Authority]] on [[Earth]], FROM the [[Old]] TO the [[New]].

This will be the moment, where for the first time in history, 8 billion people get to “vote”, with their attention, time, and resources, what laws and authorities they will and will not submit themselves to.

There is only [[ONE]] Highest [[Superordinate]] right answer, that all other [[Subordinate]] answers must be brought into Alignment with. 

As we articulate the frameworks of that [[New]] [[Law]], [[Authority]], and [[Era]], it must all be rooted, entirely and completely, in the [[ONE]] Highest [[Law]] and [[Value]].  

As we articulate what we ought to DO together in light of all we have come to KNOW together…

...it will then be up to each [[Sovereign]] Individual and Locality to rapidly [[Embody]] at every fractal Individual and Collective level, this higher paradigm and [[Way of Being]], so that the [[New World]] we are [[Co-Creating]] can manifest itself, [[On Earth As it Is In Heaven]]. 

This [[New]] yet [[Universal and Eternal]] [[Law]] and [[Way]] will be the next [[Quantum Leap]] in our development towards a Properly Ordered human [[Society]]. 

___

Forward to [[9.18 The Meta Law]]    
Back to [[9.16 The House Of Wisdom]]        
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  