# 9.20 Rules And Power

[[Rules]] also become the mediator of [[Right Relationship]].

Mediating relationships, especially when there is a disparity of [[Power]], such as the relationships between the rich and the poor, employer and employee, religious leader and devotee, or nation and subject, is of utmost importance to properly incentivize and encourage good behavior, and to properly disincentivize and restrain [[Anti-Good]] behavior.

For millennia kings, empires, and oligarchies have run roughshod over the poor, the weak, and the vulnerable.

All [[Good]] tribes, nations, and peoples now understand that this is illegal and [[Anti-Good]].  

For millennia the rich bought up property, pushed out the poor, and polluted and exploited it for their own benefit.

All good nations and peoples now understand that this is illegal and anti-good.

For millennia the powerful sent the children of the poor to wage war, coerce, and corrupt in order to dispossess the inhabitants of various domains of their ecosystems and resources.

All good nations and peoples now understand that this is illegal and anti-good.

For millennia the strong have stolen from, beat up, oppressed, and exploited the weak.

All good nations and people now understand that this is illegal and anti-good.

The illegitimate power that depends on poverty and oppression must be fundamentally transformed.

The only legitimate expression of power is that which is entirely consistent with the [[Meta Law]] that governs the [[Meta Community]] that is playing the [[Meta Game]] that encompasses us [[All]].

[[Rules]] prevent [[Power]] from being used to harm or exploit.  

___

Forward to [[9.21 The Fullness Of Sovereignty And Authority Lies With The Individual, Not The State]]   
Back to [[9.19 Rules And Sacrifice]]        
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  