# 9.21 The Fullness Of Sovereignty And Authority Lies With The Individual, Not The State

All life arises from the [[Uncaused Cause]] that creates and sustains the universe.

All life flowing from the [[Source and Sustainer]] of [[Life]] is One sacred family. 

The sacredness, sovereignty, rights, and responsibilities of [[All]] life flows directly from its [[Source]].  

The [[Rights and Responsibilities]] of [[All]] life to flourish and develop into its potential are inherent to [[Life]], and are not derived from any human, state or institution.

They therefore cannot be deprived by any human, state, or institution.

[[All]] life is sacred. [[All]] life is interconnected. [[All]] life is sovereign. [[All]] life is one.

[[All]] life flows from [[One]], and contains a spark of the [[Divine]]. It therefore must be treated as such. 

While some rulers of the [[Old World]] claimed sovereignty and even divinity, and some people accepted that, it is obvious and apparent that locus of Divine [[Sovereignty]] lies with life eternal and the individual, and not with whatever institution or authority happens to control some particular [[Space]] at some particular [[Time]] in the [[Story]]. These tiny little [[SpaceTime]] based power structures are as ephemeral and fleeting as a wave of the sea.

The only legitimate governance and authority on earth flows from the [[Voluntary Consent]] and [[Free Will]] of [[Sovereign]] Individuals and Localities, to the _temporary_ structures which humankind sets up from time to time to meet needs and solve problems inherent in life as all life progresses towards the [[Goal]].

No human structure has a right to exist apart from the [[Free Will]] and [[Consent]] of the [[Life]] the structure was created to [[Serve]]. 

If a structure was created not to serve and lift up, but to exploit any aspect of [[Life]], it has not place in the [[New World]] and must be transformed or abolished. 

There is no structure on earth that is not entirely bound to always [[Serve]], and never [[Exploit]], the [[Life]] and [[Consciousness]] in its [[Domain Of Responsibility And Authority]]. 

Any structure that grows exploitative or oppressive must be transformed or abolished.

[[Sovereign]] individuals, as [[Conscious Agents]] / representatives of the [[One]], have not only the right, but the affirmative [[Responsibility]], to ensure that all institutions they establish or [[Tolerate]] are properly aligned with and in service to the development and flourishing of life within their respective domains.

If a structure or authority subverts the legitimate [[Authority]] of the [[One]], all [[Sovereigns]] have an affirmative duty to confront and overcome the treason and restore the proper rule, [[Authority]] and [[Law]] of the [[One]].

___

Forward to [[9.22 All Generations Of Life Are Sacred And Sovereign]]     
Back to [[9.20 Rules And Power]]          
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
