# 9.22 All Generations Of Life Are Sacred And Sovereign

The same [[Universal Law]] of [[Love]] (mutual assistance due from every being to every being as [[All]] [[Life]] progresses towards its [[Destiny]]) applies not only to our fellow human beings, but to all [[Creation]], seen and unseen.

As [[Conscious]] beings, we are aware of our ability to suffer and die. 

We are therefore inherently aware of what makes other beings suffer and die. 

We have have all watched an animal suffer. We have even developed a #principle that if we cannot heal an animal, it is more loving to help it die quickly, than to allow it to persist in its suffering.

Knowing the [[Pain]] and [[Suffering]] we can experience, and knowing our ability to inflict pain and suffering on others, and understanding the types of [[Actions]] and [[Omissions]] that are likely to cause [[Suffering]]…

We have an immense duty to [[Help]], and not [[Harm]], all sacred manifestations of [[Life]].

This is also in our best interest. The air, water, soil, and microbiome all literally permeate and sustain the physical body to which our [[Consciousness]] is briefly associated during our short time on earth.

 Because of this, what we do the water, the land, the air, the plants, the animals, or any part of the [[Living System]] we do to our [[Selves]].  

We are sacred, and we cannot exist apart from the sacred [[Living System]] in which and through which we exist.

What we do the ecosystems and forests that breathe oxygen into our lungs, we do to ourselves.

What we do the water that permeates and composes us, we do to ourselves.

What we do the soil and microbiome the permeates us, we do to ourselves.

What we do to the feelings, energy, and emotions that surround us, we do to ourselves.

What we we do to our neighbor, we do to ourselves.

What we do to our society, we do to ourselves.

There is no you that exists in isolation. What we do to [[Life]] around us, we do not only to ourselves, but to our children, our grandchildren, and to many succeeding generations of life. 

[[All Generations of Life]] are Sacred. 

[[All Generations of Life]] are [[Sovereign]]. 

[[All Generations of Life]] are [[Free]]. 

By helping [[All Generations of Life]] [[Flourish]] in [[Harmony]], we help our [[Selves]] [[Flourish]] in [[Harmony]].  

It is against the [[Universal Law]] to violate the [[Free Will]]
of another [[Being]] in its [[Domain Of Responsibility And Authority]].  

___

Forward to [[9.23 Sentience, Consciousness, And Sovereignty]]       
Back to [[9.21 The Fullness Of Sovereignty And Authority Lies With The Individual, Not The State]]            
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  