# 9.25 Our Supreme Identify And Citizenship

This [[Citizenship]] in the family and community of the [[One]] is the divine and inalienable right of every [[Being]], without exception.  

It is our primary and supreme citizenship and [[Identity]], from which our Inalienable [[Rights and Responsibilities]] [[Flow]] regardless of what [[Lower Order]] citizenships, identities, or affiliations we may hold.

It is the [[Order of Citizenship]].

It is the [[Order of Identity]].

There is only [[One Thing]] that can rightly be at the top of the [[Order of Citizenship]], and that is our sacred citizenship in the divine [[Kingdom of One]].

In the [[Kingdom of One]], no being may exercise [[Authority]] over another being to their harm.  

No one, regardless of position, title, or authority, has the right to [[Harm]] another.  

All beings, regardless of position, title, or authority, have the responsibility to [[Help]] [[One Another]]. 

No one, regardless of position, title, or authority, may exercise their [[Sovereignty]] and [[Rights]] to Harm or Violate the [[Sovereignty]] and [[Rights]] of another. 

No one, regardless of position, title, or authority may be corrupt, misappropriate the funds of the people, prevent the cause of [[Justice]], or hinder the progress of any person or community towards [[The Goal]].

All [[Corruption]] and [[Injustice]] hinder [[Progress]] towards [[The Goal]].

No one, regardless of position, title, or authority, may abuse, exploit, or pollute the [[Living System]] that sustains [[All Generations of Life]]. 

No one, regardless of position, title, or authority, may purge, assimilate, or destroy other people, tribes, ecosystems, or cultures.

No one, regardless of position, title, or authority, may exercise special privilege, luxury, or hereditary rights to the [[Harm]] of their communities or others.

All beings have a right to [[Freedom]], [[Inter-Existence]], and [[Self Determination]] under the Highest universal Natural and Spiritual Law.

All beings have a right to [[Life]], and therefore to [[Self Defence]].  

Our Supreme [[Identity]] and [[Citizenship]] lies not in the temporal groups and institutions that leaders try to subordinate us to, but in the eternal and universal [[Meta Community]] of [[Life]].  

___

Forward to [[9.26 Incentives And The Battle Of Good And Evil]]         
Back to [[9.24 Right Relationship And Inter-Existence]]              
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  