# 9.26 Incentives And The Battle Of Good And Evil

As our [[Consciousness]] is evolving, we are discovering that the line between [[Good]] and [[Evil]] does not lie “out there”. 

It lies within us [[All]]. 

It is not the case that you can sort all people into black and white camps of [[Good]] and [[Evil]], civilized and barbarians, godly and pagans, heavenly beings and hellish beings.  

The line that separates [[Good]] from [[Evil]] runs right through the spirit of every conscious being on earth.

Every honest person can see within their own soul both the seeds of goodness and love that lead towards the heavenly city, and the seeds of bitterness, resent, harm and vengeance that leads towards the hellish city.

Both these potentials are present in each and every one of us.  

Those beings who look on the horrors of past with angelic innocence fail to recognize that all those horrors were committed by people, and that we are people. 

What [[Patterns of Action]] manifest from each of us, is the [[Responsibility]] of each of us, both individually and collectively. 

Each Sovereign Individual is individually and solely Responsible for their own behavior.  

Yet here is where we discover a very strange dichotomy. 

Each [[Individual]] is also individually and solely responsible for the behavior of the entirety of their community, society, the entire species, and the entire [[Living System]]. 

Each Individual is individually and solely responsible for its [[Self]], and for [[All]], for [[All]] are one. 

There is no discrepancy in this [[Logic]].  

This is worth meditating on for as long as it takes to come to understand and internalize it.

Your life matters more than you could possibly know.

It is up to us, [[Individually And Collectively]], to create the kind of society, structures, and incentives that will be most helpful to the individual human spirit to bring forth out of the infinite storehouse of [[Potential]] that which is [[Good]], and to overcome and subdue that which is [[Anti-Good]]. 

___

Forward to [[9.27 Collective Reflection On Culture]]         
Back to [[9.25 Our Supreme Identify And Citizenship]]              
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  