# 9.3 Towards What Shall We Steer And Why

Why are we here?

Where are we going?

Towards what shall we steer and why?

Around what [[Intention]] or [[Goal]] shall we gather and assemble ourselves?

Without being faithfully bound to the [[ONE]] that is the only eternal [[Why]], we are like a rudderless ship adrift on the waves of [[Chaos]], driven and tossed by the winds.

We are all feeling disoriented, nauseous, and seasick right now because there is no one at the helm, rightly and wisely charting the course, confronting the storms of [[Chaos]], and progressing in the epic [[Quest]] towards [[The Goal]].

We are adrift. Without direction. Without a goal. Without a rudder. Without a sail. We have split into factions pulling in different directions, robbing and exploiting one another, tearing boards from the [[Meta Vessel]] for our own short term uses, thereby threatening the [[Life]] of [[All]]. 

[[Mutually Assured Destruction]] lies directly ahead. 

How can it be any other way?

Wake up and grab the helm of your [[Life]]! 

Wake up and grab the helm of your [[Family]]!  

Wake up and grab the helm of your [[Community]]!

Your vessel is about to capsize!

You are headed straight for the rocks of [[Chaos]]!

With a [[Vision]]… without a [[Mission]]… without a [[Purpose]]… without a [[Destiny]]… without a direction… without a [[Goal]]… without a [[Plan]]…

The people perish. We are perishing.

Towards what [[End]] shall we steer?

Towards the [[Meta Goal]] of the [[Meta Quest]] of course!

There is only [[ONE]] possible answer that solves the [[Logos]] of the [[Universe]].  

___

Forward to [[9.4 Freedom Isn't Free]]  
Back to [[9.2 Navigating Through The Unknown]]      
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  
