# 9.30 Awakening To The Truth Of Right Relationship And Authority

The [[Quest]] of the [[Hero]] necessarily involves an awakening to a [[Truth]] which compels the [[Hero]] to take such extraordinary measures and walk in such an extraordinary [[Way]].

This [[Truth]] involves the rediscovery of one’s relationship to the [[Source]] of [[Truth]] and [[Being]] and [[Authority]].

This leads to an awakening through which the [[Hero]] rediscovers the [[Truth]] of [[Sovereignty]] and [[Right Relationship]] to [[Authority]] and its [[Source]]. 

Confounding to human institution and [[Authority]], the [[Hero]] understands that the [[Authority]] present within them is far greater than the [[Authority]] present in even the greatest nations, leaders, or religions.

Further, they understand that they have a sacred [[Responsibility]] to speak and embody the [[Truth]] and to do the [[Wise Right Thing]], regardless of what the human [[Rules]] and rulers say.

This relationship of the [[Hero]] to the [[Source]] of [[Authority]] is something like the relationship of a child to the [[King]]. 

When the Child of the [[ONE]] walks out into [[Lower Order]] domains, they are bound not to those local laws, but to the Higher [[Law]] and [[Authority]] of the [[ONE]]. 

This causes anger and consternation on behalf of the oppressive local authorities who are used to being feared and deferred to. 

In various scriptures, prophets and poets speak from the voice of the [[ONE]] as We. The royal we. The [[ONE]] who was, is, and always will be. The single binding unity prior to [[All]] that arises. 

The [[ONE]] who does not change, and is the cause of all changes. 

All [[Authority]], and all life, lies with, arises from, and flows from [[ONE]].

The [[Knowledge]] of this [[Reality]] empowers the [[Hero]] to fulfill their unique purpose by confronting and overcoming [[Chaos]], [[Corruption]], and [[Injustice]], and forging a Better Future for All. 

___

Forward to [[9.31 Breaking The Rules To Do What Is Right]]         
Back to [[9.29 Humanity's Desire For A King]]              
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  