# 9.35 Government And Religion Get Authority Backwards

Governments and Religions, or rather the corrupt leaders occupying the institutions set up to represent them, often get confused and come to believe that we are to serve and be subordinate to them. 

For instance contrary to the words of Jesus the Catholic Church demands that its adherents "subordinate their Spiritual and Intellectual Will" to oligarchy... 

...and contrary to the eternal understanding corrupt leaders and authorities exercise [[Power Over]] and Oppress the weak and vulnerable. 

This is a [[Pattern of Death]]. 

Leaders often come to think that their duty is to uphold and protect their structure of government and positions of power from the masses of people they are trampling on. This is exactly false.

We, the free and empowered global community of [[Life]], are to serve and be subordinate to nothing except [[ONE]], [[One Another]], and [[All]].  

All structures set up in between [[Life]] and its [[Source]] are merely temporary tools created at some point in the past. 

They are erected to meet a need or solve a problem for a period of time, and then they are to be transcended.

When we stand together in [[Love]] as the free and empowered [[Co-Creators]] of a better world, we will be told that our actions are illegal. We will be charged with sedition. We will be charged with treason.

This could not be further from the [[Truth]], or in greater violation of the [[Universal Law]]. 

It is the governments who have departed from true [[Love]] and [[Service]] of [[ONE]] and [[All]] who are the traitors. 

Not those standing together to bring forth a [[New Order]] for the [[Good]] of [[All]].  

It is the institutions who have departed from the [[Way]] and are violating the [[Universal Law]] and acting illegally. 

They are the ones who are committing treason by undermining and usurping the [[Authority]], [[Will]], and [[Intention]] of the [[ONE]] who longs for [[All]] [[Creation]] to develop towards the fullness of its [[Potential]] and flourish in [[Harmony]]. 

The standard of treason as we usher in the [[New World]] stands far above every one of the 200 nation states and thousands of corrupt political parties vying for [[Power Over]]. 

Even the great empires that look like immovable mountains are small, subordinate servants to the free and empowered global community arising and uniting across every dividing line to implement the [[Will]] and [[Intention]] of the [[ONE]], and the reign of [[Wisdom]], [[Truth]], [[Love]], and [[Justice]], [[On Earth As it Is In Heaven]]. 

It is our Right, our privilege, our [[Responsibility]], our [[Authority]], and our obligation to stand up, speak [[Truth]] to power, and restore the Proper [[Rule Of Law]] and [[Authority]] of the [[ONE]] when the Authorities of Earth corrupt themselves and depart from the [[Way]]. 

When the government accuses someone of treason, it is often the government who is committing treason against the [[Meta Authority]] and the [[Meta Community]] of [[All Generations of Life]]. 

___

Forward to [[9.36 False Leaders And Authorities]]           
Back to [[9.34 Rules Must Only Be Broken With Great Caution]]                
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  