# 9.37 The Propagation Of Evil Intent Through A System

For [[Good]] or [[Evil]] to be embodied at scale in the [[Human System]], it must propagate through the System via human nodes. 

Let us imagine that there is an evil impulse to round up an entire ethic group and place them in concentration camps. 

In Religious language, this could be thought of as a Satanic or Demonic impulse or spirit, looking to "possess" a human being who would begin to [[Embody]] / [[Enact]] it. 

When the evil impulse collides with an individual human [[Mind]], we can hope that it will collide with a [[Coherent]] and [[Properly Ordered]] System, whose [[System Of Defense]] will quickly detect the [[Anomaly]], sense that it is entirely antithetical to the [[Wisdom, Principles, and Values]] of the [[System]], and vanquish it before it takes root. 

This is perhaps akin to an air defense system detecting and taking down a missile of the enemy. 

Have been shot down / repelled by the first human, let's imagine that the Satanic impulse / drive continues on, probing and testing the defenses of many other hearts and minds. 

Finally, it is able to "possess" of "infect" a weak mind with the idea. Like a virus. 

Now living in the weak host, it sucks life force from the host to advance itself, and continues to seek others to infect. 

This now becomes something like a battle between the evil pathogen, and individual and collective immune system of humanity. 

If each of the other human beings surrounded the possessed individual is strong enough, their Systems will immediate reject and vanquish the Evil Impulse that is presencing and proposing itself. 

Either they will be able to help, heal, and cure the one infected by the evil impulse, or the evil impulse will destroy its host. 

Either way, the impulse dies with only one victim, and the millions of victims it sought to destroy are spared. 

Conversely, an evil impulse can spread like a pandemic through a tribe, nation, or people, who one day awaken from their genocidal rage, looking down at their blood stained hands with horror and wondering what possibly could have collectively possessed them to do or allow such a thing. 

Therefore it is the [[Strength]], [[Sovereignty]], [[Autonomy]], [[Integrity]], [[Courage]], and [[Coherence]] of each and every [[Individual]] [[Being]] that determines what impulses can, and cannot, propagate through the [[Human System]]. 

The Key is that each and every individual, as a [[Sovereign]] and [[Autonomous]] [[Conscious Agent]] of the [[ONE]], must Do Their Best to use the fullness of their [[Being]] to sense and [[Embody]] what is most [[Right]] and [[Good]], and refrain from Embodying anything that is [[Anti-Good]]. 

If each of the 8 billion of us helped one another become strong, healthy, and whole, there would be no place in humanity for [[Evil]] to take root and begin propagating through the System. 

___

Forward to [[9.38 Commanders Intent]]             
Back to [[9.36 False Leaders And Authorities]]                  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  