# 9.40 Voluntary Alignment To Higher Intention, Goals, and Values

In any System, the only way that all [[Individual And Local]] elements can remain Free and Empowered over the [[Long Term]] is if they all voluntarily align themselves to the [[Universal Goals and Values]] of the System. 

This is because a System divided against itself is in the process of failing and dying, and dragging its elements towards chaos along with it. 

And any System not Integrated and Cohered by overarching and uniting Goals and Values is by definition divided against itself. 

For the same obvious reasons, Goals and Values, while they must remain plural to be Enacted as a [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals]] and a [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Values]], must ultimately be unified by [[ONE]]. 

[[ONE]] Highest Goal. [[ONE]] Highest Intention. One Coherent [[Endstate]], that all other goals, values, drives, intentions, and conditions work together to Co-Create. 

The only [[Way]] to [[True]] [[Universal and Eternal]] [[Freedom]], [[Sovereignty]], [[Autonomy]], [[Community]], and [[Right Relationship]] is for [[All]] things to voluntarily submit to align themselves with [[ONE]] thing. 

That [[ONE]] thing must and can only be, by definition, the [[Highest]] and [[Deepest]] thing. 

Therefore it cannot be any thing made with human hands, present on [[Earth]] in a particular [[Space]] and [[Time]]. 

It can only be [[ONE]]. 

The voluntary alignment of [[All]] to [[ONE]] [[Highest Intention]] is what creates the possibility of [[Eternal]] [[Freedom]], [[Sovereignty]] and [[Liberty]] for [[All]]. 

___

Forward to [[9.41 The Alternatives To Voluntary Alignment Of Sovereignty]]             
Back to [[9.39 The Order Of Intentions And The Meta Intention]]                  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  

