# 9.41 The Alternatives To Voluntary Alignment Of Sovereignty

When the Supreme Architect or Supreme Commander sets forth the [[Designer's Intent]] / [[Commander's Intent]], the expectation is that [[All]] elements of [[System]] will Voluntarily [[Doing Our Best|Do Their Best]] and exercise their [[Best Judgment]] to bring the [[Intention Into Reality]]. 

Without this Voluntary [[Standard]] and Alignment, there can be no lasting [[Freedom]], for the System will quickly descend towards [[Chaos]]. 

Whether [[Freedom]] is lost through the descent towards [[Absolute Chaos]], or the tendency towards [[Absolute Order]] to counter the descent, the [[Endstate]] of both [[Absolute Chaos]] and [[Absolute Order]] is a [[Tyranny]]. 

A [[Properly Ordered]] [[Society]] is one in which the [[Freedom]] and [[Sovereignty]] of all Beings and Localities is upheld by their [[Voluntary Alignment]] to the [[Universal Goals and Values]] of that [[Society]], which are ultimately united in [[ONE]]. 

This is what creates [[Equilibrium]], [[Harmony]], and balance in the Field. 

This [[Society]] can last forever, as all [[Sovereign]] [[Autonomous]] elements Voluntarily [[Co-Operate]] in partnership with One and All for the Good of All past, present, and future generations of life. 

The first alternative to Voluntarily rising into Functional Unity is to be involuntarily compelled into functional unity by the Authoritarian / Totalitarian impulse. This is the [[Hell]] that lies at the logical end of the path towards [[Absolute Order]]. 

The second alternative to Voluntarily rising into [[Functional Unity]] is to descend towards an absolute lack of Order. This is the [[Hell]] that lies at the logical end of the path towards [[Absolute Chaos]]. 

Both [[Absolute Chaos]] and [[Absolute Order]] are hellish Tyrannies that can take many generations to escape. We can see examples of both in our world today. In both cases, armed forces roam the streets, while the Good People of the small towns huddle in fear behind closed doors and barred windows, because it is not safe to venture out. 

[[Absolute Chaos]] is (something like) [[Individual And Local]] [[Sovereignty]] taken to its extreme, which refuses to serve the overarching and uniting Spirit, Goals, and Values that must integrate and cohere the brilliant diversity of expression in any healthy System. 

[[Absolute Order]] is (something like) an overarching and uniting totalitarian Spirit (or Central Sovereignty) involuntarily imposed from above, which refuses to serve the brilliant diversity of [[Individual And Local]] expression that must proliferate and flourish in freedom and harmony within any healthy System. 

Both are forms of [[Hell]]. 

___

Forward to [[9.42 Using Our Best Judgment And Doing Our Best To Bring The Highest Intention Into Reality]]             
Back to [[9.40 Voluntary Alignment To Higher Intention, Goals, and Values]]                  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  
