# 9.48 Indifference and Non-Involvement

If we see corruption or fraud, and we do not expose it and call it out, we are corrupt and fraudulent. We are complicit in its silent and insidious perpetuation.

Our silence is the medium through which the roots of [[Evil]] spread.

If we see suffering, and we do not rush to aid and alleviate, we are complicit in perpetuating the suffering.

If it is within our means to help, and we do not help, we are complicit in the harm.

Nearly all good children, if they see a small bird, rabbit, or child who has been harmed and is suffering, will desire to come to its aid and help. It is usually us, the parents, who try to avert their eyes, place our hand on their shoulders, and guide them to the other side of the road while explaining why we should not put ourselves in harms way or risk exposing ourselves to germs to get involved.

Indifference and non-involvement in the face of suffering come back to the same twin forces of fear and greed, or self-preservation, which so often leads us into the [[Patterns of Death]].

We are afraid of the cost, we are afraid of the time commitment, we are afraid of our reputations, we are afraid of getting dirty, and bloodied, and bruised, and so out of selfish self-preservation we avert our eyes and pass by on the other side of the road.

___

Forward to [[9.49 Our Relationship To Systems of Injustice]]             
Back to [[9.47 The Sovereignty, Authority, and Loyalty of Every Individual Gang or Cartel Leader or Member]]                  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  
