# 9.8 The Lower, Temporal, Secular Law, And The Higher, Eternal, Spiritual Law

Secular law can never compel someone to [[Love]] their enemy. You cannot punish someone for not loving their enemies to the point of self-sacrifice.  

Yet the [[Ideal]] remains, and the [[Spirit]] always calls us up, ever higher towards the [[Perfect]] [[Standard]] of the [[Ideal]].  

Laws constitute the basic [[Rules Of The Game]] of society that people agree to play together. In the game of society, rules are needed:

1.    To Establish [[Rights and Responsibilities]]

2.    To differentiate what is “[[Good]]” from what is “[[Anti-Good]]” (Articulate [[Virtue]] | [[Value]] | [[Goodness]] | [[Moral Framework]])

3.    To bind [[Chaos]] and co-create [[Proper Order]].  

4.    To restrain government and [[Power]]. 

Over time, law and legal theory develops in two general directions:

1.    Into ever more Byzantine complexity to cover every specific case

2.    Into ever more abstract concepts to cover all general cases

There is a tremendous amount of distance between a simple articulation of 10 commandments, and the development of the entire body of law in a developed nation, which articulates not only that “Thou shall not kill”, but also the specific speed limits thou shall not exceed on thousands of individual streets in order to take reasonable care not to recklessly injure others, the specific fines and penalties for violating the standard by different degrees, the location you must go to to pay the fine, the time in which you have to do so, and your process for redress if you believe the penalty is unjust. This is the move from [[Simplicity]] towards [[Bureaucracy]]. 

From the simplicity of generality, to the complexity of specificity, we then travel the immense distance to abstract back out to simplicity the generalized principles that we are learning into and trying to embody.

At end outer edges of abstraction, we again reach simplicity, but with the extraordinarily advanced simple articulation of the abstract that can only be rediscovered on the other side of complexity.

Thus we can articulate a [[Universal Law]] of [[Love]] that requires us to help, and not harm, others.

Then we have to figure out to whom the abstract [[Ideal]] applies.

And at the outer edge of that abstraction process, we come to understand that the universal law applies even to our enemies, who are also Loved by [[ONE]]. 

[[Love]]: Which means to [[Help And Not Harm]] [[All]] others, even your enemies.

Yet we are not quite there yet… because if [[Love]] applies to [[All]], and (others) are harming [[All]], what is our relationship to [[Structures Of Injustice]]? 

If I see a bully systematically preying on and exploiting the [[Vulnerable]], do I need to intervene, and if necessary harm the bully, in order to stop the harm of the innocent?

It is morally justified, or even obligated, to be willing and capable of harming oppressors in order to save the oppressed from the hell of oppression?

So maybe a [[Meta Rule]] approaches (something like): “Embodying the [[Spirit]] of the [[ONE]] in every [[Moment]], do the wise right thing, at the right time, for the right reasons, to accomplish the [[Meta Goal]].”

Which is to say, that we are transforming ourselves into a [[Conduit]] or [[System]] whose [[Purpose]] is to Progressively [[Realize]], or create [[Throughput]] of, the [[Highest Intention and Greatest Good]], which reflects the totality of the [[Mind]] and [[Wisdom]] of the [[ONE]].

Which is to say, that we are striving to [[Embody]] the [[Ideal]].

Which is to say, that we are striving to [[Embody]] the [[Spirit]] / [[Essence]] of the [[ONE]].

As we keep abstracting out and asking [[Why]], we eventually reach the articulation that it is because [[All]] things arise from [[ONE]], are sustained by [[ONE]], return to [[ONE]], and are ultimately are intended to be one. 

If all things arise from [[ONE]], return to [[ONE]], and are intended to be one, then the [[Universal Law]] is actually a reflection of the [[Nature]] / [[Mind]] / [[Intention]] / [[Spirit]] / [[Logos]] of the [[ONE]]. 

We should do what the [[ONE]] would do.

We should have the [[Mind]] of the [[ONE]].

We should do what the [[Ideal]] would do. 

We are now approaching the [[Meta Rule]].

Do What [[ONE]] Would Do.

Be What [[ONE]] Would Be.  

[[Embody]] the [[Spirit]] of the [[ONE]]. 

Be [[Perfect]], as [[ONE]] is [[Perfect]].  

[[At-One]]. 

[[ONE]].

There it is. The outer limits of abstraction before it dissolves into indescribable [[Ultimate Reality]].

A single word. A single principle.  

What would [[ONE]] do?

This is the highest eternal [[Law]]. It applies to all domains of [[Space]], [[Time]], and all dimensions of the [[Universe]]. 

It is complete. Sufficient. Whole. Universal. Inescapable.

Soaring above the temporal, secular, lower laws currently articulated in whatever time or place one finds oneself thrown into, is the highest, transcendent, eternal, universal, spiritual [[Law]] that must be [[Enact|Enacted]] and [[Embodied]]. 

___

Forward to [[9.9 The Law That All People Know On A Level Deeper Than Words]]  
Back to [[9.7 The Temporal Nature And Evolution Of Human Authority]]      
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  
