# 11.13 The Order of Responsibilities

The Order of Responsibilities flows from the Order of Loves. 

Our first responsibility is to live a life of Love, integrity, and right relationship to the [[ONE]] directing the creation, sustaining, and transformation of our lives and our world. 

Our second responsibility is to live a life of Love, integrity, and right relationship to our truest and highest [[Self]], whom we are progressively [[Becoming]]. 

From this seat of power, properly related to and identified with the One and iIs highest purpose and intention for our lives and our world, we can then become conduits and embodiments of the Spirit of the One into whatever [[Reality]] we find our Selves in. 

If we [[Consciously Decide]] to place anything else at the top of the hierarchy of Loves, whether money, or another person, or a tribe, or a nation, or another spiritual entity, we are intentionally sub-optimizing and subordinating ourselves to something other than the One. This is a fundamental Pattern of Death, and the essence of [[Idolatry]]. If billions of people penned into millions of little pyramids all sub-optimize in different directions for their own provincial interests, the Whole will fail, and all life will suffer.

If we [[Consciously Decide]] to place the [[ONE]] at the [[Absolute]] top of the hierarchy of Loves, we intentionally optimize to the best, highest, and most worthy thing. This is fundamental Pattern of Life. If billions of sovereign individuals optimize in the same direction for the true wellbeing of the Whole, [[ONE]], and [[All]], the Whole will succeed, and [[All]] will [[Life]] and [[Consciousness]] will flourish in harmony. 

___

Forward to [[11.14 The Order of Goals]]  
Back to [[11.12 The Ordo Amoris - The Order of Loves]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  


