# 11.1 A Dark Tale of Old

In a dark past age, when misguided religious leaders caught up in unholy alliances with imperial powers went to war with one another, Christian crusaders and Muslim warriors approached one another on a great battlefield to wage what both sides thought was a holy war. 

As they approached, both sides feverishly prayed to the [[ONE]] for favor and victory against the enemy. 

In a thousand Christian churches, worried mothers and fathers prayed to the [[ONE]] for the victory and safe return of their beloved sons. 

In a thousand Muslim Mosques, worried mothers and fathers prayed to the [[ONE]] for the victory and safe return of their beloved sons. 

In a thousands human homes, young children cried at the thought that their beloved brothers and fathers might never return. 

They warred with one another; they killed one another; they cut off limbs and put out each other’s eyes; they forsook every commandment, every basic sense of human decency, and the loving heart of the [[ONE]] by destroying [[One Another]] and robbing one another of life, limbs, Love, and Light. 

The [[ONE]] looked down in horror and anger at the false leaders who led the human family to war against one another. The [[ONE]] looked down in infinite [[Love]] and compassion on the beautiful families who prayed, and the beautiful children who cried.

“If only they knew that I Am [[ONE]], and that they are one, and that there is enough for [[All]], this madness and suffering would finally cease...”

___

Forward to [[11.2 A Light Tale of New]]  
Back to [[10.41 What Would Sovereigns In Right Relationship Would Do Together?]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
