# 11.19 The Total Nested Hierarchy of Ideals

At the [[Highest Level of Abstraction]] the [[Ideal]] is [[ONE]]. 

Yet to [[Perceive]] and function in [[Reality]], we must differentiate out the highest order unity into [[Categories]]. 

There are other places in the books that discuss the [[Hemispheric Specialization]], and the functions of [[Right Hemisphere]] and [[Left Hemisphere]]. 

At the Center of each [[Category]] is an [[Ideal]] that defines the category. 

Around the Ideal is a diverse array of manifestation. 

What determines the [[Value]] of any individuated aspect of Creation is its relative conformance to the Ideal of the Categories it inhabits. 

For example, there is a Category of Creation that in English we call "dog". The Category dog holds space for a wide array of different manifestations, so we create additional [[Sub Categories]] of dog that we define as "breeds". Just as there are Sub Categories of "dog", "dog" itself is a Sub Category of other [[Super Categories]] such as "mammal" and "animal". 

To each breed of dog, we assign a set of characteristics that in aggregate make up the [[Ideal]] manifestation of that category. Humans then actually have "dog shows" in which panels of judges compare specific manifest dogs to the transcendent Image of the Ideal in its Category, and celebrate the Most Ideal dog with awards. 

So therefore we could say that the [[Value]] of any dog lies in the degree to which it conforms itself to the Ideal dog. 

The entire structure of Reality is inherently One, which we perceive primarily with our [[Right Hemisphere]]. To function and interact within Reality we break it down into [[Categories]] with our [[Left Hemisphere]]. At the Center of each Category is an Ideal representation. 

These Categories array themselves out across a [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Abstraction]] by [[Depth]] so that in aggregate they constitute a [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Ideals]]. 

This [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Ideals]], processed and understood through a [[Narrative Framework]], is essentially the [[Map]] of the universe we use to [[Perceive]] and [[Navigate]]. 

At the [[Absolute]] top of the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Ideals]] is [[ONE]]. At the bottom is [[All]]. In between are the categorical structures we use to Perceive and Navigate through Reality, and at the Center of every Category is an Ideal. 

The relative [[Value]] or [[Worth]] of any individuated aspect of [[Creation]] depends on (something like) three primary aspects: 

1. Its [[Depth]] or Height in the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Abstraction]] 
2. Its [[Conformance To The Ideal]] in the Categories it inhabits 
3. Its [[Relative Potential]] 

___

Forward to [[11.20 Potential Relative to the Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals]]  
Back to [[11.18 Conformance to the Ideal]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  
