# 11.20 Potential Relative to the Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals

We say [[Relative Potential]] because [[Potential]] must be defined relative to both other Potentials and [[The Goal]]. 

The previous lens was highly conceptual. This lens is highly [[Pragmatic]].

That Which Has The Highest Quality, Value, and Worth is That Which Most Helps Us Accomplish Our [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals]]. 

To a thirsty soul wandering in the desert, a diamond is worthless. All the gold and silver in the world do not compare in value to the water of life when one is dying of thirst. 

The value and worth of things is directly related to their pragmatic usefulness in helping us accomplish our Goal. Pragmatic usefulness in accomplishing a Goal can be understood in terms of the [[Affordances]] of [[Tools]] and [[Anti-Tools]]. 

Yet any one specific Good thing would be far less useful than the eternally regenerative Source that could produce the [[Total Nested Hierarchy]] of All Good Things.

The most good and useful thing would be an inexhaustible source of all that is Good and useful. 

That which is most good and valuable is the Spirit from which Goodness and Value arise. The [[Generative Source]] of Goodness and Value. 

Along the way therefore, humanity invented the notion that among the most valuable thing you could possibly find is a genie, bound in a bottle, which is your slave and must do whatever you say, which will grant you whatever good and valuable thing you desire, whenever you desire it.

And yet we know from the archetypical stories how it would play out if each individual human made selfish petitions to the spirit of the things they think they want.

Billions of people, driven by local and temporal craving and fear, simultaneously granted the power to manifest the fullness of selfish desire simultaneously, is a world of chaos and suffering for all.

Therefore we must ask ourselves, "What is the One Prayer or Wish, that if billions of people simultaneously wished it and it was granted, would cause the [[Ideal]] world we believe is possible and long for to in-break and become our reality?" 

There is only [[One]] Answer, which is (something like) "Thy Kingdom Come, Thy Will Be Done, on Earth as it is in Heaven." The Prayer of our existence must only be for the [[Highest Intention and Greatest Good]] to in-break and become our [[Reality]], for the benefit of [[One]] and [[All]]. 

To realize [[Heaven On Earth]], everyone would have to wish for the highest intention and greatest good of which they could conceive, for [[All Generations of Life]] across all [[Time]] and [[Space]]. 

To realize [[Heaven On Earth]], everyone would have to pray for [[Heaven On Earth]]. 

In other words, they would have to wish for the [[Meta Goal]] to become Reality. 

When the Knowledge of God, and therefore conformance to the Will and Intention of God, [[Covers The Earth Like Floodwaters]], the Kingdom of God is at hand. 

While we cannot grasp, contain, own, or place in a bottle the Eternally Regenerative [[Source]] of all that is Good, Beautiful, and True, we can come into [[Right Relationship]] with It, and thereby become co-creative conduits through which this [[Meta Prayer]] Inbreaks and becomes our reality.

On the [[Meta Quest]] towards the [[Meta Goal]], the best partner we could ever hope for, the Source of the Quest, extends Its hand and invites us into co-creative right relationship.

What could possibly be more good, useful, and worthy to us as we navigate towards [[The Goal]], than the loving hand of partnership offered to us by the Source and Sustainer of the universe?

We cannot reduce it to a book, a religion, a temple, or a bottle….

But we can live, and move, and breathe, and have our very being in and through [[One]] as we advance with [[All]] the [[River of Life]] flowing from the [[Source]] towards [[The Goal]]. 

And so it turns out that we return to the great metaphysical unity.

1.    What has the highest quality and worth is that which most closely conforms to the [[Ideal]].

2.     What has the highest quality and worth is that which most helps us accomplish our goal.

The [[Ideal]], [[The Goal]], and that which most helps us accomplish [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals]] are [[One]]. 

[[All]] things are less valuable than the [[God]] that creates, sustains, and unifies [[All]] things. 

Just as before, [[Potential]] relative to the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals]] might be broken down into a [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Tools]], whose [[Value]] depends upon: 

1. [[Depth]] or Height in the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Abstraction]] 
2. [[Conformance To The Ideal]] in the Categories it inhabits 
3. [[Relative Potential]] 
4. 
___

Forward to [[11.21 Optimizing For The One Vs. Optimizing For One]]  
Back to [[11.19 The Total Nested Hierarchy of Ideals]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  