# 11.42 The Meta Project

There is an infinite storehouse of potential projects and initiatives we could undertake. Many of them are good. Yet [[Activity]] is not [[Success]]. [[Throughput]] of [[The Goal]] is [[Success]].

[[The Goal]] is not to succeed on a project. The Goal is to succeed across the [[Total Nested Hierarchy]] of all possible projects. The [[Meta Goal]] is to succeed in the universal and eternal [[Meta Project]], which encompasses the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Projects]] we could choose to undertake.

[[The Goal]] of the [[Meta Project]] is simple - to [[Progressively Realize]] the [[Creator's Intent]]. 

No excuses, no technicalities, no exclusions, and no fine print. 

It demands confronting and overcoming the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Threats]], and the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Obstacles]] we will face along the [[Way]].

The idea is to take the [[Principles]] and Concepts, which are clear, and [[Operationalize]] them into a coordinated global plan of action to liberate our planet and co-create a better world for all its current and future inhabitants.

If [[The Goal]] is something like:

_The total integrated wellbeing, development, and right relationship of all generations of life and consciousness…_

Then the [[Meta Project]] is our collective co-creative effort to make that happen; to confront and overcome the most fearsome [[Challenges]] and [[Obstacles]] that stand in our [[Way]] and forge the [[New World]] out of their ashes. 

Why build or deconstruct a roadway? Why build or deconstruct a dam? Why build or deconstruct a community? Why build or deconstruct a nation? Why build or deconstruct a technology?

We build if something suitable and needed for the life to flourish is missing. We [[Filling Up What Is Lacking|Fill Up What Is Lacking]]. 

We deconstruct if something unnecessary and harmful exists. We [[Removing What Does Not Belong|Remove What Doesn't Belong]].

And whenever possible, before we destroy we elevate and transform.

In the reality of unified [[Interexistence]], the only true way to succeed is to succeed across the set of all potential projects across all generations of life across all dimensions of [[Space]] and [[Time]]. 

Success in this [[Meta Project]] requires that we forge a [[Higher Order Functional Unity]] that integrates all underlying energy, resources, and activity into a system capable of meeting the needs and solving the problems inherent in every community of life.

When every individual, family, bioregion, and community of life is being elevated and transformed towards the fullness of its unique potential…

And when all conscious beings understand the power and potential of co-creation in Divine Partnership with God, One Another, and All Creation... 

...the world will become [[More Perfect]] every day as [[All]] generations of life and consciousness labor together in harmony to make it so. 

___

Forward to [[11.43 Pragmatic Application, Not Esoteric Notions]]  
Back to [[11.41 Plans and Specifications]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  