# 11.56 Pull Planning

One of the most efficient ways that humanity has discovered to sequence our [[Network of Commitments]] is to counter-intuitively start at the End, and then work our way back towards the beginning.

This is often called backwards planning, or [[Pull Planning]]. 

If we plan forward, we would look at a piece of land and attempt to plan how we would build the house sequentially. “I have an Idea of the house I would like to create. First, I will create a plan. Then I will clear the brush. Then I will level the land. Then I will lay the foundation, then I will build the walls, then I will build the roof, then I will finish the interior, and then the project will be complete.”

If we plan backwards, we begin at the end, and we ask ourselves what would have happened right before we handed over the keys of the home to its new inhabitant. “I handed the keys to the inhabitant. Before that, the home was 100% complete. Before that, I finished the interior. Before that, I put the roof on so the rain didn’t ruin the interior finishes. Before that, I framed the roof. Before that, I framed the walls that the roof rests on. Before that, I placed a foundation that the walls rest on. Before that, I leveled the earth that the foundation rests on. Before that, I cleared the brush. Before that, I created a plan. Before that, I had an idea of the house I wanted to create.”

Studies and our experience to date have shown us that there is great wisdom and power in beginning with the end Goal in our minds, and then working backwards from that point to discover the most [[Efficient Path]] to get from [[Where We Are]] to [[Where We Are Going]].

This book is far to long already to engage in this process together, however it will be one of the first things we do. Soon, I will walk you through a story, in reverse, of how we fundamentally transformed our lives and our world, within a single generation. 

___

Forward to [[11.57 A Logical Network of Commitments]]  
Back to [[11.55 Goal Delivery Systems and the Network of Commitments]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  
