# 11.57 A Logical Network of Commitments

Backwards planning, also known as [[Pull Planning]], helps us determine all the steps, elements, their dependencies, and their efficient order.

On something as simple as a house, a schedule may have 100 to 200 major activities.

On a large infrastructure project, the project may have tens of thousands of activities.

On a program of action composed of many large projects, the program will have hundreds of thousands or millions of activities. 

As we discovered through pull planning, every activity logically relates to other activities in various ways. We know that the structural framing of a house must be installed after the foundation, and before the roof. And we know that after the roof is installed, both the solar panels on the roof and the interior finishes can concurrently begin. If an activity must occur before another activity, it is called a [[Predecessor]]. If an activity must occur after another activity, it is called a [[Successor]]. 

Each activity also has certain key traits associated with it, for instance how many days it will take to complete, what it will cost, and how many people will be required to complete it within that amount of time.

In the logical [[Network of Commitments]], each task must be connected to at least one [[Predecessor]], and at least one [[Successor]]. Many tasks are connected to multiple predecessors, and multiple successors.

The totality of the relationships of all tasks to one another forms the total logical network.

The properly tied and ordered logical [[Network of Commitments]] affords us the ability to run algorithms to calculate and plan in a variety of ways.

It also enables us to calculate the [[Critical Path]] towards [[The Goal]], and to engage in effective [[Risk Management]] around the various paths that feed into the [[Critical Path]]. 

___

Forward to [[11.58 Commitments Made and Kept]]  
Back to [[11.56 Pull Planning]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  
