# 11.68 Speaking the New World Into Being

Since we must become a [[Spiritual Body]] of billions of sovereign individuals who simultaneously, independently, and voluntarily choose to act together, in our unique local environments, without centralized direction or control, for the wellbeing and development of [[All]] life and [[All]] communities…

And since that is not [[Where We Are]] today…

And since we need a plan to move FROM [[Where We Are]] TO [[Where We Are Going]]... 

And since no plan could possibly fathom the infinite complexity that lies along that [[Quest]] towards [[The Goal]]…

And since central planning and control will destroy our lives and society…

And since we certainly must coordinate, plan and move…

We must speak into existence a [[New Language]] and a [[New]] Way of Being that enables us, in partnership with God, to co-create and sustain the [[New World]]. 

It is the truthfully spoken [[New Language]], and truthful embodiment of the New [[Way]] by sovereign and rightly related individuals, that co-creates the [[New World]]. 

The [[Way]] is like a set of principles, patterns, and protocols, that when embodied, creates and sustains life. These are like letters and words that form a language. Or notes which compose a melody. It is [[The Pattern Language of Heaven]]. 

When we beautifully articulate and embody the [[New Language]], the [[New World]] is co-created. When we compose and harmonize the notes, the universal symphony of life erupts as [[All]] life sings in harmony.

___

Forward to [[11.69 Like a Pattern, But More Like a Spirit]]  
Back to [[11.67 Billions of Parallel Paths]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  
