# 11.7 Rediscovering the Divine Feminine

Yes the [[One]] can be called Father. And yet It is also the fullness of Mother.

Over the last centuries society forgot the true nature of the [[One]].

The spirit of the divine feminine is rising, and it must rise faster.

Women, the future of society lies in your hands. It is you that will have the first [[Courage]] to rip the doors off the [[Old]] structures that have devolved into cages.  

It is you that will have the first [[Courage]] to stand up and shout "No More!" 

It is you that will have the first impulse to heal and transform the suffering of the [[Living System]] that is screaming in pain after centuries of raping, pillaging, and abuse.

“NO MORE” ROARS THE DIVINE FEMININE.

Women – Raise your hand and stomp your foot, and you will shake the world.  

Women – arise and lift up your arms, and you will summon the New Dawn.

Women – arise and lift up your voices, and you will speak into being the New Life and the [[New Era]] that is longing to emerge.  

Women – arise and liberate up your families, and you will become the families of the [[New World]].

Women – arise and lift up your Selves. It is time for the Divine Feminine to assert her proper place and authority in the order of being. 

Women – arise and lift up your veils, that the world may celebrate and be filled with your beauty and strength.

It is you will select and bring forth the New. 

___

Forward to [[11.8 Revivifying the Divine Masculine]]  
Back to [[11.6 The Old, the New, and the Feminine]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  

