# 11.79 The Train of Society

We are all moving towards [[The Goal]] together. 

None of us can get to the [[New World]] unless and until [[All]] of us get there. The train of humanity and all life on earth will enter the station of the [[New World]] at the same time.

A world in which half of the inhabitants are still suffering and left behind is not the [[New World]].

The train of society can only advance FROM the [[Old World]] TO the [[New World]] at the pace of the slowest car.

If you want to move faster and accelerate the progress of life on earth towards its Goal, strengthen and improve the slowest cars in the train, and the entire train will gain speed and momentum towards its destiny.

The rich, the powerful, and those possessing the most powerful tools and technology want to build strong engines and accelerate away from the rest of the cars. This destroys the integrity of the train of life. It must strengthen and grow together. The oasis they are speeding themselves towards is a mirage. They will weep and mourn when they find themselves broken down and suffering alone in the desert.

The rich, the powerful, and those possessing the most powerful tools and technology want build walls and carve out a slice of heaven on earth, while we the poor suffer outside their gates. The walled gardens they create will become in due course far more like hell than heaven when their self-optimization causes the Whole to fail.

This is the idea of the [[Critical Chain]]. Always direct the resources to strengthen and speed the progress of the slowest train. 

___

Forward to [[11.80 Failure is Not An Option]]  
Back to [[11.78 The Net of Society]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  
