# 11.80 Failure is Not An Option

It is a project, yes. But the [[Meta Project]] is just a way to conceptualize at this unique moment in history where we are at in the great movement of all [[Creation]] across all [[Time]] towards its [[Destiny]].

We are indeed designing and building a [[Better World]], but what we are really building strategically is a tipping point movement, which causes an unprecedented global community of spiritually transformed sovereign individuals to work together as one [[Spiritual Body]] towards a shared [[Vision]] and [[Goal]].

The movement and community leads, and the outflowing of the aggregate transformational power follows to accelerate [[All Creation]] towards [[The Goal]].

If we were to undertake this [[Meta Project]] in earnest, what kind of an unprecedented global community would need to assemble? Let’s set about assembling it. **Failure is not an option.**

If we were to create a plan, what kind of a unprecedented plan would we need to create? Let’s set about creating it. **Failure is not an option.**

If we were to implement our plan in earnest with courage and perseverance in the face of the inevitable spirits of Chaos and Malevolence that will do everything in their power to defeat our progress towards [[The Goal]], what kind of execution would be required? Let’s set about doing it. **Failure is not an option.**

If we were to become the kinds of beings who could confront and overcome anything that stood in the [[Way]] of [[All Creation]] advancing towards its [[Destiny]], what kinds of beings would we need to become? Let’s set about becoming them. **Failure is not an option.**

___

Forward to [[11.81 The Rate of Critical Path Progress]]  
Back to [[11.79 The Train of Society]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  
