# 4.17 Moving Through Love

What has [[Love]] to do with Navigation? 

What has [[Love]] to do with progress towards the [[Goal]]? 

[[Love]] _is_ the [[Goal]]! Can't we see that if [[All]] embodied the Spirit of [[Love]], the [[New World]] is already here? 

If [[Love]] is a [[Way]] to [[Move]], how do we [[Move]] through [[Love]]? 

If you [[Love]] a child, what do you do? 

You [[Help]] it. You [[Cultivate]] it. You [[Strengthen]] it. You [[Solve Issues]]. You [[Meet Needs]]. You laugh with it. You cry with it. You rejoice. You [[Play]]. You [[Prayer|Pray]]. 

If necessary, you sacrifice even your own [[Life]] to save it. 

If [[God]], if [[ONE]], is [[Love]]…

And that [[Love]] radiates to and through [[All]], equally and without exception… 

And if [[ONE]] is the [[Goal]]…

And if all we ever have is the present moment…

Then the [[Goal]] must be Realized in a very strange [[Way]]. 

Yes, you could say that we move towards [[It]]…

Yet you could also say that It's Spirit [[Inbreak|Inbreaks]] and displaces... that Heaven descends to Earth, such that the [[Absolute]] Goal becomes our present [[Reality]], right here and now. 

How? 

Through us, as [[Conscious Agents]] of the [[ONE]] Supreme [[Conscious Agent]]. 

When we are fully present, in our [[Space and Time]], as conduits of the [[Universal and Eternal]] [[Spirit]] of [[ONE]] [[Love]], eliminating the [[Ego]] or [[False Self]]…

…[[Love]] flows through us like a mighty river, washing away the pain, suffering, and corruption of the [[Old]], and making all things [[New]]. 

It is what the Spirit of [[Love]] does. It rises up, vanquishes the [[Chaos]] afflicting the one it Loves, and co-creates a [[New Order]] that is [[Good]]. 

We [[Love]] by meeting the needs and solving the problems inherent in the [[Life]] of the [[One We Love]].  

We [[Love]] by confronting and overcoming the [[Obstacles]] that stand between the [[Life]] and [[Consciousness]] that permeates and surrounds us, and its [[Best and Highest]] [[Destiny]] / [[Potential]] / [[Goal]]. 

We [[Love]] by being present, orienting, and embodying what the Spirit of [[Love]] would do in each moment. 

As we do that, and stay present to what Emerges or discloses itself through our Being and Doing, we are moving exactly and precisely on track towards the Goal. 

___

Forward to [[4.18 Remembering, Perceiving, Orienting, Engaging, Planning, Adapting, Moving, Learning]]  
Back to [[4.16 Towards Oneness Through Love]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  