# 4.2 Continually Transforming Conscious Agents

Key to the  [[Navigation Issue]] is the understanding that as [[Conscious Agent|Conscious Agents]] perpetually in motion towards our [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals]], we are continually moving and interacting with the [[Reality]] that manifests or discloses itself to us along our [[Way]]. 

The subset of [[Reality]] that manifests itself to us depends on [[What Matters]]. [[What Matters]] depends on [[Who We Are]], our [[Goal]], [[Where We Are Going]], and [[Why]]. 

When a subset of [[Reality]] manifests itself to us, we [[Interact]] with it. 

When we [[Interact]] with [[Reality]], we transform it, and it transforms us. 

When we enter each subsequent moment, neither we nor our [[Reality]] are the same as they were the moment before. 

This is because we are ourselves a Conscious Living System that exists in a broader and inherently inter-existent and inter-transforming Conscious Living System.  

What we do to the [[Reality]] that we are nested within, we literally do to ourselves. 

We are continually transforming Conscious Agents within One interexistent, interactive, Conscious Reality that is reciprocally opening through our inter-action. 

Moment by moment... we are never the same. We are transforming our world, and our world is transforming us, within the context of the one greater thing we both are. 

At least that is our [[Current Best Understanding]] of the [[Story]]. 

___

Forward to [[4.3 Transforming The Product Of The Previous Transformation]]  
Back to [[4.1 The Navigation Issue]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  