# 4.24 The Reciprocal Opening of Being and Doing

When we abide in [[Love]]…

When we empty our [[Selves]] out, and [[Reintegrate]] the fullness of our [[Being]] in service of [[Life]], [[Light]], [[Love]], and their [Source]…

The [[Spirit]] of [[Truth]] and [[Love]] begins to pour through us. 

We become like Conduits through which the Spirit can flow into our present Reality.  

This is a transformation of our [[Being]].  

Our transformed [[Being]] then compels us to go and [[Do]]. 

To become powerful Beings in Action. Moving and Advancing towards [[The Goal]] of the [[ONE]]. 

[[Love]] compels us to go out and meet the needs and solve the problems inherent in the [[Life] ]that permeates and surrounds us. 

When we go out and begin overcoming [[Obstacles]] and [[Challenges]], we are transformed by our [[Doing]]. 

Our competence and capability grows. Our [[Spirit]] grows. 

When we come back to the place of [[Being],] we are different. Having [[Acted]] in service of [[Life]], our Conduit is bigger. We are bigger.  

Such that more [[Truth]] and [[Love]] can [[Flow]] through us in service of [[Life]].  

This increased [[Flow] ]of the [[Spirit]] again transforms our [[Being]]. 

Now, a larger, stronger, and more capable [[Being]] is compelled to go out and [[Do]] again, even more, in service of [Life]. 

To confront and overcome ever larger and more complex [[Obstacles]]and [[Challenges]].  

And as we do, we are elevated and transformed again as we elevate and transform our world. 

Each elevation and transformation becomes a [[Story]], and each [[Story]] becomes a [[Prophesy]] of even greater things to come. 

This upward spiral is like a reciprocal opening between our [[Being]] and our [[Doing]]. 

As it has been said, [[Faith]] without works is dead. [[Being]] without [[Doing]] is dead.  

When we faithfully bind ourselves in covenant relationship to the [[ONE]], we become It's [[Conscious Agents]], and we are impelled by It's Spirit, living within us, to go out and [[Do]] what [[It]] would [[Do]]. We are compelled to engage in the greatest [[Purpose]] and [[Meaning]] of [[Life]], which is the elevation and transformation of our [[Selves]] and our world in [[Loving]] partnership with [[ONE]] and [[One Another]]. 

The end result is that the Spirit of [[Heaven]] invades the Earth. 

The end result is that the [[New]] [[Inbreaks and Displaces]] the [[Old]].  

What if Earth was a place in which [[Life] ]and [[Consciousness] ]flourished in a state of [[Harmony]] and [[Right Relationship]], and [[All]] things got a little better every day, because [[All]] things were striving and doing their very best to make it so?

Heaven is not a static place. 

Heaven is a continuously improving dwelling place suitable for consciousness to fully enlighten and flourish, because fully enlightening and flourishing consciousness is eternally and universally striving to make it so. 

What a profound extension of what we discussed in our last chapter [[4.23 Learning and Improving]]. 

___

Forward to [[4.25 Navigating and Becoming]]  
Back to [[4.23 Learning and Improving]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  