# 4.26 Every Defect Is A Gift

In our effort to [[Navigate]] and [[Progress]] towards [[The Goal]], or produce [[Throughput]] of [[The Goal]], there is a strange quality of defects, [[Issues]], [[Obstacles]], or [[Challenges]].   

That is that they are not in fact a curse, but a gift. 

They actually mark the [[Way]] towards the [[Goal]]. 

As [[Life]] and [[Consciousness]] strive to [[Realize]] the fullness of their [[Potential]], there are inevitably problems and obstacles that arise and presence themselves.   

Rather than being frustrated or condemning the [[Obstacle]], we should celebrate that what used to dwell under the veil of darkness has been brought to [[Light]]. 

We should celebrate that a hidden [[Defect]] or [[Obstacle]], previously lurking below yet always present, has presenced or manifested itself to us. 

While it was hidden, it was still there. We just didn’t know it. 

When the Next-Most-Significant-[[Obstacle]] to [[Throughput]] of the [Goal] manifests itself, simultaneously the [[Potential]] to solve the problem also manifests itself. 

With each problem solved, we become wiser, stronger, and more capable of solving problems, that capacity generalizes across the total set of all potential problems, and our [[Meta System]] increases it capacity to create [[Throughput]] of the [[Meta Goal]].   

Therefore we should rejoice when we encounter trials and obstacles. 

It is trials and obstacles that test us. 

What tests us and challenges is what reveals the things within us and within our [[Way]] that are not compatible with the [[Goal]]. What tests us and challenges us is what builds our [[Faith]], [[Courage]] and [[Perseverance]]. 

And [[Faith]], [[Courage]], and [[Perseverance]] in the [[Way]] are what leads us towards the eventual [[Meta Goal]] of being perfect and complete, lacking in nothing, yet continuing to [[Become]] [[A Little Better Every Day]]. 

Like gold refined through fire seven times, and continuing to be refined. 

Though we descend into the flames 70 x 7 times, we will rise 70 x 8 times, each time stronger, purer, and richer for all the defects that have been exposed and burned away. 

The refining fire hurts, but it is [[Good]]. 

Let’s learn to celebrate and rejoice each time the dross in our [[State of Being]] is exposed by fire of [[Doing]]. 

We do not want to merely protect what is [[Weak]]. If we [[Love]] it, we will make it [[Strong]], so that ever more strength in unleashed in service of [[The Goal]]. 

We [[Navigate]] through [[Obstacles]] towards ever greater [[Perfection]], which is the [[Goal]]. 

The [[Obstacles]] mark the [[Way]] towards the [[Goal]]. 

As it is said: 

Be [[Perfect]], as [[ONE]] is [[Perfect]].  

It is our ego and vain attempt to cling to the [[Old]] and inadequate that is our real enemy and obstacle. 

The [[Obstacles]] and enemies are our teachers. 

___

Forward to [[4.27 Navigating Towards Truth And Reality]]    
Back to [[4.25 Navigating and Becoming]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  