# 4.27 Navigating Towards Truth And Reality

As we explore this [[New Territory]], let’s begin with the notion of [[Truth]] and [[Reality]] outside the [[Boundary]]. 

What is [[Truth]] and [[Reality]], if it is not the dogma that the authorities propounded inside the [[Boundary]]? 

Amidst a sea of intentionally sown disinformation and [[Fear]], it can be difficult to see [[Truth]] and [[Reality]] through the fog that has been created to separate and divide us.
 
If we could apprehend and comprehend the [[Truth]]… if we could see and know exactly [[What Is]]… it would [[Liberate]] us from all that enslaves and separates us from [[One Another]] and our [[ONE]] [[Destiny]]. 
 
The [[Quest]] towards our [[Best And Highest]] [[Potential]] and [[Destiny]] must begin with a genuine, boundless, and fearless desire to [[Know]] and navigate towards [[Truth]], no matter where it leads us.
 
The [[Truth]] of [[Reality]] and what actually Is.

The [[Truth]] of [[Reality]] and what is Emerging. 
 
The [[Truth]] of [[Potential]] and [[What Ought To Be]].  

The [[Truth]] of the [[Source]] from which [[Reality]] is arising. 

We must deeply and truly long to [[Know]], with every fiber of our [[Being]], what is [[True]], so that we know the wise right [[Way]] to [[Navigate]] towards the [[Goal]].  
 
Everything we think we [[Know]] can be held loosely. Like a [[Hypothesis]] we are trying to falsify. Like [[Current Best Understanding]] we are looking to Continuously Improve. 

The point of [[Truth]] is not to ever believe that we have fully grasped and articulated it, but to serve as an eternal and unchanging Standard and Guide that is always [[Beyond]] us, always correcting us, always conforming us to Itself.  

Our propositions can never be counted as [[Truth]]. [[Truth]] is simply the [[Reality]] of [[ONE]] and [[All]] things. It is beyond our ability to reduce it to propositions or models. 

If it is [[Real]] and [[True]], we will always circumambulate back to it. We will always circumnavigate back to it. We will always rediscover it. [[Time]] will always prove it. [[Reality]] will always prove it. 

What is [[True]] never fears even the deepest inquiry. 

For it simply Is, and will always be [[True]].  

It can never be threatened. 

It can never be boxed in or contained. 

It will always be there, present, beckoning, longing to lead us back to itself and thereby set us free. 

___

Forward to [[4.28 Truth Beyond The Horizon Of Perception]]    
Back to [[4.26 Every Defect Is A Gift]]   
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  