# 4.5 Without A Shared Vision and Structure of Values, We Perish

It has often been said: 

_Without a Vision, the people perish._

Or:

_A house divided against itself cannot stand._   

Or: 

_Seek first the [[One Thing]], and [[All]] these other things will be added unto you._     

Or: 

_Two cannot walk together unless they are aligned..  

Or: 

_Be not unequally yoked together, for… what communion has [[Light]] with [[Darkness]]?_  

The point is simple and pragmatic. In order for us to move and commune together on a [[Quest]], we have to have a shared [[Vision]], [[Intention]], and [[Goal]]. 

A well-articulated shared [[Vision]], [[Intention]], and [[Goal]] implies within itself a coherent and integrated [[Structure of Value]].   

The [[Structure of Value]] orders the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Goods]] implied by [[The Goal]]. 

Without this, as we learned before, not only will we be heading in different directions, but the subsets of [[Reality]] we [[Perceive]] will be different. 

In this divided state, we could literally be walking along the same [[Path]] and [[Perceive]] different realities.

This is because each of the realities we are perceiving are different sub-sets of Reality as it actually is. 

For example, if we are heading towards a town, and my [[Intention]] is to [[Love]] and [[Serve]] the people of that town, and I am envisioning [[Helping]] them and preparing a feast for them when we arrive, the fruits, nuts, berries, and other forms of sustenance or beauty will manifest themselves to my attention as [[What Matters]], and the sticks and stones will not. 

If your [[Intention]], however, is to [[Exploit]] and conquer the people of that town, and you are envisioning [[Harming]] and subjugating them through force when you arrive, the sticks and stones and other potential weapons will manifest themselves to your attention as [[What Matters]], and the fruits, nuts, and berries will not. 

The One Path we are both walking along will manifest to each of us an entirely different subset of its [[Reality]], based on what we perceive as [[Tools]] or [[Anti-Tools]] in relation to the [[Vision]] / [[Intention]] / [[Goal]] we are holding in [[Mind]] and moving towards. 

It will look to each of us as if we are walking along entirely different paths, in entirely different states of [[Mind]], [[Perceiving]] entirely different things. The abundance or lack of good gifts will be apparent to me, and the abundance or lack of weapons will be apparent to you. 

___

Forward to [[4.6 Goods and Anti-Goods]]  
Back to [[4.4 Navigating Towards Better Or Worse]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  
