# 0.2 Minimum Viable Version

## 0.2.1 Context

In order for the Federation to accomplish the [[Meta Goal]], it will need a sophisticated Integrated Delivery System to bring it into reality.

The [[Lionsberg Integrated Delivery System]] was purpose-built for this reason as part of the overarching [[Lionsberg System]], which is part of the total conceptual whole of [[Lionsberg]].  

Both due to the temporary lack of resources during the bootstrapping cycles, and due to the wide range of experience and skill in [[Program and Process Management]], it is not realistic to start with a fully developed implementation.

Like all other elements of the [[Lionsberg System]], the Integrated Delivery System will need to be brought into Reality in [[Minimum Viable]] form, and then progressively grown, complexified, and improved over time.

## 0.2.2 Introduction to Integrated Delivery
For a deeper introduction to Integrated Delivery, see [[1.0 Introduction]].

## 0.2.3 Essential Elements of Integrated Delivery
At its most simple core, Lean Integrated Delivery systems can be reduced to a few very core ideas. Each idea over time can be further developed, along with complimentary practices, tools and infrastructure.

### 0.2.3.1 The Goal
The biggest single idea to grasp in Integrated Delivery is there is only One overarching and uniting Goal of the System.

This One Highest Goal contains within itself and orders the total nested hierarchy of all other goals and objectives implied by the Goal.

In the [[Lionsberg System]], the highest overarching and uniting Goal is called the [[Meta Goal]].

The [[Meta Goal]] is the [[One Thing]] that unites [[All]].

### 0.2.3.2 Throughput of the Goal
The second big idea is that the entire System should be optimized to produce [[Throughput]] of the Goal.

In the [[Lionsberg System]], this means that [[All]] things optimize their activities to produce Throughput of the Meta Goal.

In other words, [[All]] optimize their activities to produce the greatest [[Value]] for [[All]].

### 0.2.3.3 The Network of Commitments
[[Throughput]] of the [[Goal]] is made by progressing through a rational [[Network of Commitments]].

[[Actor|Actors]] use the [[Planning System]] to determine the [[Milestones]] that mark the [[Way]] towards the [[Goal]].

Actors then work together to discern the most [[Efficient Path]] to reach the milestones. This is called the [[Critical Path]] or [[Critical Chain]].

The [[Critical Path]] is composed of [[Activity|Activities]] that Actors undertake.

Each [[Activity]] has some Activities that logically should happen before it, called [[Predecessor|Predecessors]], and some Activities that logically should happen after it, called [[Successor|Successors]].

The rational links and logic between Activities form the [[Network of Commitments]].

The reason it is called a [[Network of Commitments]] is that an Activity cannot be completed unless an Actor makes and keeps a Commitment to do it.

### 0.2.3.4 Tracking Commitments
A critical element of the [[Planning System]] is a way to track Commitments.

The [[Planning System]] should continuously monitor and improve [[Reliability]] by statistically tracking [[Percent Promises Kept]] or similar, as well as the [[Root Causes for Variance]].

### 0.2.3.5 Zero Blame | Every Defect is a Gift
Consciously co-creating a [[Zero Blame Environment]] is critical to developing the [[Culture]] in which Integrated Delivery can flourish.

In an environment of Continuous Learning and Improvement, the standard of success is not [[Perfection]], but [[Improvement]].

If the [[Way]] the System works is to continuously surface efforts and improve itself, then [[Every Defect Is A Gift]] because it creates the opportunity to learn and improve.

### 0.2.3.6 Making and Securing Reliable Commitments
Fundamental to the success of Lean Integrated Delivery is the willingness and ability of all [[Participant|Participants]] to make and secure reliable Commitments as the basis for planning and executing the [[Program]].

In a [[Zero Blame Environment]] in which [[All]] elements are optimizing for [[Throughput]] of the [[Goal]], everyone, both those who secure / accept a Commitment, and those who make a Commitment, are 100% jointly responsible for the outcome and its affect on the Whole.

In order for a [[Commitments|Commitment]] to be reliable, the following elements should be present:

1. The [[Conditions of Satisfaction]] are clear to both the [[Committor]] and the  [[Committee]]  
2. The [[Committor]] is capable and competent to perform the task  
3. The [[Committor]] understands where their work fits in the [[Critical Chain]], and how the [[Quality]] of their Activity affects the [[Successor]] Activities  
4. The [[Committor]] has access to all other required competence, tools, and resources required to perform the task  
5. The [[Committor]] has estimated the [[Time]] required to perform the task, has internally allocated adequate resources, and has [[Blocked Time]] on its internal schedule   
6. The [[Committor]] is sincere in the moment that the [[Commitments|Commitment]] is made - only making the Commitment if there is no current basis for believing that the Commitment cannot or will not be fulfilled  
7. The [[Committor]] is prepared to accept the reasonable consequences that may ensue if the Commitment cannot be performed as promised, and will promptly advise the IPD Team if confidence is lost that the task can be performed as promised  
8. The [[Committee]] is prepared to accept the reasonable consequences if they accept and depend upon a Commitment that is not performed as promised. In a [[No Blame Environment]], the [[Committee]] is jointly responsible for ensuring that it does not secure or rely upon unreliable [[Commitments]]  
9. The work is [[Constraint Free]], meaning that it is in the sole purview and authority of the [[Committor]] to accomplish, with no external dependencies that are out of the Committors direct influence or control  

### 0.2.3.7 Retrospectives and Continuous Learning and Improvement
The primary idea of Integrated Delivery is to get [[A Little Better Every Day]] at producing [[Value]] for the Whole.

The most basic form of continuous learning and improvement is the regular practice of [[Retrospective|Retrospectives]].

In fact, it has been argued that the only truly mandatory element of the System is to Act, Retrospect, and Improve.

## 0.2.4 The Starting Point of the Lionsberg Integrated Delivery System
As a simple and pragmatic recommendation for beginning to engage in the [[Lionsberg Integrated Delivery System]], there five simple principles:

1. The [[Meta Goal]]: We are [[All]] here in service of ONE highest overarching and uniting [[Meta Goal]].
2. [[Federation]]: Every Actor should federate with other Actors, and with Lionsberg as a Whole. This includes joining at least one Integrated Program Delivery Team ([[IPD Teams|IPD Team]]).
3. The [[Network of Commitments]]: Every Actor should make and keep Commitments _to_ other Actors, and secure and validate Commitments _from_ other Actors.
4. [[Aligning Commitments]]: Actors should endeavor to align Commitments to create [[Throughput]] of the [[Goal]].
5. The [[Planning System]]: Even if it is merely through informal conversation to begin, Actors should endeavor to understand:
	1. The [[Milestones]] that mark the Way towards the Goal  
	2. How their efforts align with and relate to the [[Critical Path]] towards the next Milestone  
	3. What other Actors or Activities they depend upon ([[Predecessor|Predecessors]]), and what other Actors or Activities depend upon them ([[Successors]])  

	Lastly, Actors should transparently [[Tracking Commitments|Track Commitments]] in a way that is visible to the Whole, with an emphasis on the [[Handoff Points]] between teams.

It is the recommendation of the [[Receiver]] that at the outset, and perhaps forever, rather than making Individual Commitments, Individuals should federate into [[IPD Teams]] of 3 to 12 people, and [[Commitments]] at the [[Program]] level should be made, kept, and tracked between Teams rather than Individuals.

This will ensure that the weight of the [[Critical Chain]] never weighs upon any one Individual, and will help ensure there are no [[Single Point of Failure|Single Points of Failure]] in the System.

## 0.2.5 Handoff Points
Remember that small teams of 3 to 12 can usually find some way to function and get things done.

It is the [[Handoff Points]] between teams where the success or failure of the Whole resides.

## 0.2.6 Have Fun!

Lastly, have fun!

Remember that the greatest possible happiness you can experience comes from doing what is uniquely yours to do, in community, in service of the highest and greatest Goal you can conceive of.

For us, the Goal is One.
