# 1.1 About This Guide
This guide is a [[Work In Progress]].

This Integrated Program Delivery Guide is designed to do just that - to guide the integrated delivery of a program of action. But why should any large program of action be delivered on a lean and integrated basis?

The general answer is simple: it will be better built, with fewer injuries, at a lower cost, and faster speed, with greater accountability, transparency, and ability to cope with uncertainty and change. These results have been demonstrated around the world on projects large and small. These practices rest on solid, tested, conceptual and pragmatic foundations that lead to [[Continuous Improvement]], cost savings, time savings, and better quality.

This guide is being developed as a living document that describes how the Meta Project and associated infrastructure and systems will be designed, built, and operationalized. It also describes how any sovereign individual, organization, or community can [[Participation|Participate]] as a free, autonomous and empowered agent of transformation.

The Guide is divided into four main sections that discuss 1) the general outline of the delivery method (Introduction), 2) how the global program of action was developed and what it entails (Program Development), 3) how specific projects will actually be designed, built, and operated (Project Delivery) and 4) how completion of these projects will empower communities around the world to flourish for generations to come (Conclusion).

## 1. Introduction

The Introduction describes the background and philosophical approach guiding the development of the [[Meta Project]] Program. 

## 2. Program Definition

The next section of this Guide is called Program Definition.  Program Definition describes the planning and pre-build activities completed for the Program. 

## 3. Program Delivery

The third section of this Guide, Project Delivery, describes how the individual elements of the Program will be delivered.  Throughout this section, concepts introduced and discussed in the Program Development section will be applied, particularly lean design-build principles and Integrated Program Delivery.

## 4. Conclusion

The final section, Conclusion, addresses Prototype Control, Building Information Management, Cost Modeling, Lessons Learned, and the inheritance this Program will leave behind to future generations.
