# 1.2 Background and Context

## 1.2.1 Global Recognition of the Failure of Existing Institutions to Address the Grand Challenges and Global Goals
At the opening of the third millennium, humanity became conscious that the existing complex of institutions that we had previously looked to for leadership were showing significant signs of corruption and deterioration, and appeared incapable of delivering transparent and globally coordinated solutions to the interconnected existential threats and challenges facing life on earth.  

A variety of court cases, news stories and footage streamed from around the world revealed a woefully inadequate state of existence and suffering for many of earth’s inhabitants. In far too many instances, it appeared the the power structures depended on the impoverishment and oppression of local populations for their wealth, positions and power.  

The global complex of governments, corporations, and institutions responsible for coordinating systems of action to alleviate suffering, create value and elevate the quality and meaning of life was failing at the most crucial juncture in human history.  

By 2020, humanity was beginning to simultaneously awaken and understand that millions of people were suffering, dying, and enduring injustice unnecessarily every month due to the corruption and inaction of the global power structures that depended on their poverty and suffering.  

The global community therefore determined that the global system of systems needed to be fundamentally transformed.

See also [[0.4 The Meta Story]]. 

## 1.2.2 Heroes on the Front Lines
In midst of the institutional failure, around the world everyday heroes were working tirelessly on the front lines of every battle to make the world a better place. People of goodwill were arising and gathering whatever resources they could leverage to solve the crises that were all around them.

Yet despite their best efforts over the early decades of the new millennium, suffering and injustice continued to abound. In isolation, we all lacked the true transformational power required to transform the root causes of suffering and injustice.

We realized amount that no amount of trying to do what we had done in the past better could ever get us to where we needed to go. A more radical transformation was needed and at hand.

## 1.2.3 Worksite: Earth

Around the world, people began working to consolidate the discernment of the global community into a coordinated [[Program of Action]] for [[Worksite: Earth]] as a whole. This included an effort to conceptualize the entirety of human history to date (how we got here), the current forces and conditions bearing on Worksite: Earth (where we are), and the highest intention and greatest good humanity could conceptualize for the future of all life aboard Earth (where we are going), and the approximate milestone-based logical [[Network of Commitments]] that might be us from point A to point B.  

It rapidly became obvious that the total systems level transformation that was required for Worksite: Earth was larger than any organization, nation, or institution could accomplish in isolation. 

Accomplishing the transformation within the timeframe required would require total global coordination.

Given that the existing institutions were politically unable to accomplish this, this meant that very pragmatically, a new gathering space and a new global coalition would need to be forged in order to succeed. 

## 1.2.4 Sovereign, Autonomous, and Coordinated Individuals, Organizations, and Communities
Because such universal [[Program of Action]] could not and should not be controlled from the top down, it was recognized that the emergent system and structure that was required would have to be based on voluntary coordination among sovereign and autonomous individuals, organizations, and communities. 

It was further recognized that no existing organization or structure could host such a coalition, so a clean, [[New]] space would have to be created where we could work together on the [[One Thing]] that unites us [[All]]. 

## 1.2.5 Creation of the Lionsberg Meta Project Framework and Structure
The interesting dichotomy was that while the sovereignty and autonomy of each [[Actor]] would have to be rigorously promoted and protected, the total set of [[All]] Actors would have to forge themselves into some kind of higher order functional unity in order to have a chance of succeeding. 

Solving the grand challenges, and accomplishing the global goals, in the time frame required, simply could not logically be accomplished by an array of competing organizations acting primarily in their own self interest. 

It was determined that in order to effectively unite the forces of goodwill above the lines that usually divided them, this single organism / functional unity inherently had to be super-ordinate to, and not sub-ordinate to, any existing nation, institution, or ideology. If the new Program and Community was subordinate to any religion or ideology, it would be rejected immediately at face value by billions of the people that urgently needed to unite to confront and overcome the existential threats. If it was subordinate to any existing nation or institution, it would exist at the will of a corrupt power structure that could compromise its integrity.

Based on this understanding, a key structural design criteria was established: the sovereignty and inherent worth of each form of life flows directly from the [[Source]] of life. It’s right and responsibility to exist, act properly, rightly relate to all other forms of life, and do what is require to fulfill the [[Highest Intention and Greatest Good]] is not derived from any human source or institution. It is derived directly from the Source and Sustainer of life.

Therefore the new [[Community]] and [[Federation]] would need to be [[Sovereign]], in the same way and according to the same principles as each of its participants was Sovereign. 

And so an [[Ideal]] was established: A sovereign community of sovereign beings, working together in functional unity and right relationship to [[One]], [[One Another]] and [[All]].  

Through great debate and consultation with leading thinkers on how to articulate and mobilize collective action among such a [[Federation]] of [[Sovereigns]], it was determined that a [[Framework]], a [[System]] and a [[Structure]] would be required. 

### 1.2.5.1 The Meta Project Framework
Based on the idea that nearly all human endeavor could be viewed as a project, the idea was conceived of a conceptual overarching and uniting [[Meta Project]]. 

This [[Word Tool]] could be used as one of many ways to orient individual and local Actors to the single overarching and uniting program of action that all humanity was engaged in.

This framework was a way to conceptualize all we must _do_ together. 

### 1.2.5.2 The Meta Community or Meta Federation Framework
Beyond _doing_, it was recognized that such a program of action would require an entirely [[New]] [[Way of Being]] together. 

If we were to succeed in the [[Meta Project]], a [[Meta Community]] or [[Meta Federation]] would be required as a prerequisite.

If we got the [[Community]] and relationships right, everything else would be possible. 

If we failed to get the [[Community]] right, there was no chance of success. 

### 1.2.5.3 Embodying the Abstract
While it was clear that all humanity inherently was a [[Meta Community]] engaged in a [[Meta Project]], whether we recognized it or not, it was also clear that _acting out_ this proposition would require that those abstract ideas descend and embody themselves in a discernible [[Time]], [[Space]], and [[Structure]]. 

Such a [[Federation]] would actually need to be able to relate to the world around it, gather and distribute resources, and speak and act as a Whole. 

This required creating a structural embodiment that could interface with existing legal, governance, nation state, and financial systems. 

### 1.2.5.4 The Lionsberg System and Structure
Establishing a structural embodiment that could actually gather and distribute resources, rightly relate to participants, and rightly relate to the world required that something be created and named, which could actually be referred to, registered in different places as needed, take in funds, establish bank accounts, pay taxes, and properly interface with the various elements of the [[Old World]]. 

After working with multiple branding companies and considering thousands of names, the mythical name Lionsberg was revealed. 

Recognizing the need for both a [[New]] [[Way of Being]] together, and a new way of acting together, and the need for that way of being and doing to show up in every nation and community around the world...

...it was determined that at the highest level, Lionsberg needed to exist merely as an [[Idea]] or a [[Prototype]] of the [[Ideal]] [[Community]] / [[Federation]]. 

It would need to exist superordinate to any existing nation, institution, or ideology, as a [[Sovereign]] gathering place in which [[Sovereign]] [[Actor|Actors]] could come together to work on the [[One Thing]] that unites [[All]]. 

One level down from the [[Idea]] of Lionsberg, would be a [[Sovereign]] and Voluntary [[Community]] or [[Association]] of [[Individual | Individuals]]. 

Because [[Sovereign]] Individuals have an inherent right and responsiblity to rightly associate and relate to [[One Another]], this would ensure that the highest conceptual level of the [[Community]] / [[Federation]] was not rooted in any institution or organization that could be corrupted, co-opted, stopped, or instructed by any enemy or authority. 

Once established as a conceptual and working reality, a voluntary association of Sovereign Individuals could then begin to add to itself over time the voluntary association or rightly related organizations, communities, and institutions as required to accomplish the Goal. 

It could also begin to establish for itself, in domains around the world, the kinds of legal and technological infrastructure that would be required to accomplish its Goal. 

### 1.2.5.5 Emerging Ideas and Language

Thus, the first thing that was created was the [[Idea]] of a sovereign and rightly related global community that would perpetually embody and move towards the highest intention and greatest good of which it could conceive. We called this the [[Meta Goal]]. 

Being so constituted, Lionsberg began to discern in community what was the highest intention and greatest good, and to establish practices for such discernment.

After numerous iterations, a placeholder description was established as a North Star / Ideal / [[Meta Goal]] to guide the community:

**_The total integral development, wellbeing, and right relationship of all life._**

In the developing language, [[New World]] was used as a [[Word Tool]] to point towards the [[Highest Intention and Greatest Good]] we were moving towards. 

[[Old World]] was used as a [[Word Tool]] to invoke the past corruption, suffering and injustice, that we were moving away from.

The idea of a [[Quest]] was used as a [[Word Tool]] to invoke the epic journey FROM [[Where We Are]] towards the [[Meta Goal]].

And so the idea was established of a [[Meta Quest]]: FROM the [[Old World]] TO the [[New World]]. FROM what is, TO what ought to be. With the New World / Ideal / “what ought to be” defined as the [[The Highest Intention and Greatest Good of Which We Can Presently Conceive]]. 

This [[Meta Quest]] would require unprecedented coordination and logistics across an unprecedented number of people and domains.

The [[Meta Project]] was also used as a word tool to invoke the totality of all required transformation across [[All]] things and [[All]] domains.

As the ideas and language emerged, the next step was to start moving and acting out the ideas. In order to start moving and acting, [[Lionsberg]] / [[Meta Project]] / [[Meta Quest]]]] would need the ability to receive and allocate funds, make and keep commitments, and generally act a legal “person” in various domains around the world. 

### 1.2.5.6 The First Legal Instance

To initially accomplish these functional requirements, a uniquely designed legal structure was instantiated to steward and allocate infrastructure and resources. From the array of design criteria, it was determined that the most secure legal domain for the first instantiation of structure was the United States, that the most secure state within the United States was Delaware, and that the most secure legal stewardship entity available at the time was a 501(C)(3) public charity.

Thus a 501(c)(3) named Lionsberg, Inc. was instantiated to be able to act in certain ways to help the [[Community]] accomplish its Goals. 

In order to be able to deal with the combination of for-profit and philanthropic resources flow, a C Corporation solely-owned by the 501(c)(3) was also established. 

Place holders were added to the conceptual structure for subsequent elements of the [[Federation]], such as 501(c)(4)s, co-ops, credit unions, and other structures that would likely need to federate and coordinate to accomplish the Goal.  

It was further recognized that these initial structures would need to be guided and coordinated as instruments deployed in concert with what would eventually be dozens of hundreds or instantiations around the world. 

### 1.2.5.7 A Story, A System, A Structure, A Community, a Project, and A Way
The Lionsberg idea was not merely a structure, a project or a community. 

It was a total solution purpose-built to accomplish the total idea, and bring an entirely [[New World]] and [[New]] [[Way of Being]] into [[Reality]]. 

This demanded the creation of a single conceptual thing that included a story, a system, a structure, a community, a project, and a way of being, that if acted out comprehensively, might work. 

### 1.2.5.8 Building Community, and Embarking on the Quest Towards the Goal
By mid 2022, the story and the structure were in place, dozens of people from around the world were engaged, and we were beginning to learn how to act our the idea of a [[Meta Community]] engaged in a [[Meta Project]] to accomplish a [[Meta Goal]], for the benefit of [[All]]. 

It would soon be time to help connect up and empower heroes on the front lines around the world to accelerate their individual and local progress towards our overarching and uniting shared [[Goal]]. 

For the sake of history, that is when we published this Guide.

## 1.2.6 The Role of a Receiver
When a system goes so far off the rails that it is determined that it is no longer able of guiding and managing itself towards its [[Purpose]], legal precedent allows for the appointment of a [[Receiver]]. 

The role of the Receiver is generally to serve as a neutral party who will act as a [[Steward]] or [[Custodian]] and oversee the affairs of a party for the right and fair benefit of its various stakeholders. This role is meant to protect the domain and assets in question from further deterioration while a just and fair process unfolds. 

The role of the Receiver is designed to preserve the rights and assets of all parties and ensure an equitable outcome for all involved. Often, the Receiver is responsible for overseeing the Operations and Processes of the entity in question, collecting income, paying expenses, and otherwise managing the affairs of the entity under receivership. 

The Receiver also is often tasked with facilitating the resolution of disputes among various stakeholders, forging a new order out of the chaos of the past, and then handing the regenerated and restored entity back over to its long term stakeholders. 

### 1.2.6.1 Acting As... We [[All]] Were the Receivers
All the conditions existed that would demand the appointment of a [[Receiver]] to sort out the issues of the [[Old World]] for the benefit of [[All]], and yet no institution existed that could determine or appoint such a role. 

However, we, the 8 billion people on earth, could effectively organize ourselves and [[Act As If]] we were the receivers of the [[Old World]], and were appointed and responsible for elevating and transforming it, for the good of [[All]], into the [[New]]. 

This would require us to forge a new unity among us, to establish the means by which we would collectively govern / navigate ourselves towards the Goal. 

We determined that unless and until we discovered someone "out there" with the authority, qualifications, and mandate to act in this manner, we would [[Act As If]] it were our responsibility, 8 billion of us collectively, to assume this role on a temporary basis until such a time as a new order could be established. 

Therefore, everything we collectively tasked to the [[Receiver]], we were tasking to our [[Selves]], and we would need to organize our [[Selves]] in order to accomplish it. 

### 1.2.6.7 Stewardship
This framework obligated us legally and morally to [[Act As If]] we were the Receivers of everything that come before to this moment of history, and the Stewards of everything that would be handed to subsequent generations. 

### 1.2.6.8 The Meta Charge of the Receiver
We charged ourselves, as acting [[Receiver]], with the following mandate: 

_The Receiver will do the wise right thing, at the right time, for the right reasons, to accomplish the [[Meta Goal]], for the benefit of [[All]]._   

Critically, it was made clear that the Receiver was not to be any one individual, but the entire [[Meta Community]] / [[Meta Federation]], who would need to organize itself to act in this manner. 

This meant that _[[All]] were bound to do the wise right thing, at the right, for the right reasons, to accomplish the Goal._

The [[Receiver]] was given and [[Authority]] to organize and hold accountable the existing institutions and authorities on earth. 

This was accomplished simply by uniting the [[Free Will]] of billions of people, who chose for it to be so, and who exercised their [[Attention]], [[Time]], [[Energy]], and [[Resources]] as if that were the case. 

The Meta Charge of the Receiver contained within itself the mandate to: 

_1. Solve the total set of [[Grand Challenges]]_  
_2. Accomplish the total set of [[Global Goals]]_  
_3. Forge the [[Best Possible Future]] for [[All]]_  

This demanded the elevation and transformation of all systems and all domains of [[Worksite: Earth]], without exception. 

### 1.2.6.9 The Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals
The [[Meta Charge]] of the Receiver to accomplish the [[Meta Goal]], for the benefit of [[All]], contained, implied, and ordered within itself the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals]]. 

The [[Meta Goal]] could not be [[Realize|Realized]] unless and until the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals]] was [[Realize|Realized]]. 

Therefore, the simple [[Meta Charge]] and definition of success for the Receiver, which was one with the [[Community]] and [[Federation]], was to succeed and avoid failure in accomplishing the [[Meta Goal]], so that [[All]] generations of [[Life]] could flourish in harmony in the [[New Era]]. 

### 1.2.6.10 Sovereignty of the Receiver
Lastly, a warning was reiterated to the Receiver, that if it ever subordinated itself to any existing authority or power on earth, it would inherently fail in its [[Quest]]. 

It was charged with accomplishing the [[Meta Goal]], and then handing over the [[New World]] to its inhabitants and their [[Source]]. 

## 1.2.7 Intention, Vision, Philosophy, and Program of Action
The Receiver recognized that it would need to rise above the [[Chaos]] and articulate a [[New]] [[1. Intention]], [[Vision]], [[Philosophy]], and [[Program of Action]] that had the pragmatic potential to accomplish the Goal. 

This Intention, Philosophy, and Program of Action would need to get out ahead of the accelerating [[Science]] and [[Technology]], in order to harness it and guide it towards the [[Meta Goal]]. 

## 1.2.9 Integrated Program Delivery
This would necessitate the creation of an [[Integrated Delivery System]] to transform the total [[Program of Action]] into a [[Goal Delivery System]]. 

## 1.2.10 Mission Control
This would further necessitate the creation of a [[Mission Control]] function to monitor and coordinate [[Progress]] towards the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals]]. 

## 1.2.11 The Meta Fund
It would also require the co-creation of a [[Meta Fund]] to resource [[Throughput]] of the [[Meta Goal]].  




