# 3.3 Communications and Reporting
Every relationship requires [[Communication]]. 

In an Integrated Delivery System, everything is related. 

Because it is not possible for [[All]] to communicate with [[All]], each element of the [[Federation]] must communicate directly with those it works with, as well as the Whole. 

## Minimum Viable Communications
The entire Lionsberg idea and community is designed to operate as a single Integrated Delivery System that produces [[Throughput]] of [[Intention Into Reality]]. 

As a result, there are certain [[Minimum Viable]] Communications standards that must be honored by [[All]] in order for the System to function. 

These minimum standards can be thought of in three distinct baskets: 

1. Communications that are internal to a working team or organization
2. Communications between teams and organizations that are _directly related_ and impact each others [[Flow of Work]]. 
3. Communications between [[All]] teams and organizations and the Whole

### Internal Communications
Internal communications that occur within an Organization have the greatest degree of flexibility. We would encourage all teams to monitor thier own [[Communication Hygeine]] and not repeat the painful mistakes that many others have already made, however Organizations are inherently Sovereign and Autonomous and have a duty to do what works best for them to advance towards the Goal. 

### Communications Between Directly Related Elements
Entities that make or secure [[Commitments]] to or from One Another are directly related, and need to stay aligned in order to protect and preserve the [[Flow of Work]] of the Whole. 

Directly related entities, regardless of their process for Internal Communications, should agree to pay attention to [[Communication Hygiene]] in the inter-communication. 

At a minimum, communications between directly related elements should include: 

1. An [[Integrated Delivery Agreement]] that includes an Agreement on how to Communicate. See [[Template For Integrated Delivery Agreement]].  
2. A regular meeting to identify and solve issues  
3. A way to communicate about [[Issues]] and  [[Variance Between Expected And Actual Outcomes]]   
4. Some form of "Green / Yellow / Red" status indicator so that both parties can monitor and take responsibility for the success of the other.  

Remember that in a [[Zero Blame Environment]] both the [[Committor]] and the [[Committee]] both share responsbility for ensuring that [[Commitments]] made are kept. (See [[Percent Promises Kept]]).   

### Communications With The Whole
At the deepest level of abstraction, [[All]] Actors and the Whole need to be able to:

1. See One Another  
	- This is currently accomplished by: Being listed in the Lionsberg | Meta Project directories.  
2. Know What Each Other Is About  (Purpose, Principles, Projects)   
	- This is currently accomplished by: Maintaining Up-To-Date the [[Template For Organization]].    
3. Make And Secure [[Commitments]] To and From One Another  
	- This is currently accomplished by: Registering inter-organizational Commitments in the [[Commitment Tracker]]. Also see [[Tracking Commitments]].  
4. See Status Updates  
	- This is currently accomplished by: Maintaining Up-To-Date the [[Template For Organization]].  