# Lionsberg Resource Runway

Financial models for movements are tricky. 

The [[Provisional Structure]] of Lionsberg enables us to bring in resources in a variety of ways through a hybrid non-profit / for-profit legal and governance infrastructure, anchored around a movement building strategy. 

_____
## Baseline Runway 

During the [[10 Year Grand Strategy]], a nominal baseline runway of ~$50,000 / month is required to secure baseline legal, compliance, administration, technology stack, and Jordan's focus. 

## Tithes 

Beyond the Baseline Runway, the System is designed to run off of voluntary contributions / tithes of 1/10th of the Value we co-create at the individual and group levels.  

___
## Source 1: Membership / Tithes 

At the simplest level, The Movement and the Platform are designed to be self-sustaining based on the monthly membership contributions of the individual [[Lionsberg Co-Creators]]. 

These will come in initially as tax deductible donations to the Lionsberg 501(c)(3) non-profit. These can be directed to other entities in the future as The Movement matures. 

The [[Lionsberg Cycles of Growth]] charts the basic growth pattern for the movement, and the [[Lionsberg Cycle Time]] measures the time for each cycle. 

The Cycles of Growth follow the Fibonacci sequence as follows. 

Each Co-Creator will make a meaningful monthly tithe / contribution, with a nominal minimum of $10 / month. 

Assuming an average of $20 / month, monthly revenues are as follows out to the first milestone of connecting and empowering 3% of the population: 

- Cycle 1: 2 Co-Creators  - $40 / month  
- Cycle 2: 3 Co-Creators - $60 / month  
- Cycle 3: 5 Co-Creators - $100 / month    
- Cycle 4: 8 Co-Creators (0.0000001%) - $160 / month  
- Cycle 5: 13 Co-Creators - $260 / month  
- Cycle 6: 21 Co-Creators  - $420 / month 
- Cycle 7: 34 Co-Creators  - $680 / month 
- Cycle 8: 55 Co-Creators  - $110 / month 
- Cycle 9: 89 Co-Creators (0.000001%) - $1,780 / month 
- Cycle 10: 144 Co-Creators - $2,880 / month  
- Cycle 11: 233 Co-Creators - $4,660 / month   
- Cycle 12: 377 Co-Creators - $7,540 / month  
- Cycle 13: 610 Co-Creators - $12,220 / month  
- Cycle 14: 987 Co-Creators (0.00001%)   - $19,740 / month 
- Cycle 15: 1,597 Co-Creators - $31,940 / month  
- Cycle 16: 2,584 Co-Creators - $51,680 / month  

At just 2,500 Co-Creators, The Movement becomes indefinitely self-sustaining. 

- Cycle 20: 17,711 Co-Creators - $354,220 / month  
- Cycle 25: 196,418 Co-Creators - $3,928,360 / month  
- Cycle 30: 2,178,309 Co-Creators - $43,566,180 / month  
- Cycle 35: 24,157,817 Co-Creators  - $483,156,340 / month 
- Cycle 40: 267,914,296 Co-Creators (3%)  - $5,358,285,920 / month 

By the time we hit the first 3% of the population, revenue is > $5 Billion / month  

The first 6 cycles were accomplished in 2 weeks at 1 to 2 days each - see [[Lionsberg Co-Creators]]. 

Allowing 2 weeks for each of the cycles 7 through 16, the movement should reach Cycle 16 and be indefinitely self-sustaining by: 

- 10 cycles x 2 weeks = 20 weeks ~ August 2024

## Source 2: 10% of Project / Business / Ecosystemic Flow 

The second primary source of funds will be 10% of the flow from the projects and regenerative businesses we are co-creating / incubating / accelerating / replicating...  

The design of the Operating System calls for us to use 1/10th of the Value Flow we are Co-Creating to continuously improve the infrastructure, systems, culture, and support of the ecosystem / Commons that is enabling all to flourish. 

Assuming the first 3% are organized into Teams averaging 6 individuals tackling meaningful [[Quarterly Quests]] valued at an average of at least $10,000 / quarter, that is an additional $1,000 / quarter ($333 / month) of revenue per Team. 

- Cycle 20: 17,711 Co-Creators / 6 = 2,951 Teams x $333 / month = $982,000 / month 
- Cycle 25: 196,418 Co-Creators / 6 = 32,736 Teams x $333 / month = $11 Million / month  
- Cycle 30: 2,178,309 Co-Creators / 6 = 363,051 Teams x $333 / month = $120 Million / month  
- Cycle 35: 24,157,817 Co-Creators / 6 = 4,026,302 Teams x $333 / month = $1.3  Billion / month 
- Cycle 40: 267,914,296 Co-Creators (3%) / 6 = 44.6 Million Teams x $333 / month = $14 Billion / month 

## Source 3: Data 

One of the most valuable parts of the System will be the Data curated and generated by The Movement. 

This can be leveraged into a wide array of revenue generating businesses, for example by co-creating a new paradigm regenerative underwriting, insurance, and finance.  

It is likely that the data generated by The Movement will be an even more significant Value stream than the memberships / tithes of the members. 

## Source 4: Events, Conferences, Publications, Merchandise, Goods, Services, Etc. 

As [[The Movement]] grows, we anticipate a growing wave of events, conferences, publications, merchandise, goods, services, etc. will be developed to meet the needs and desires of those engaged. 

Our Vision is to catalyze a series of events beyond the scale reached by historic events such as Live Aid, with the movement culminating in the greatest celebration and jubilee in history as we complete the [[10 Year Grand Strategy]] and usher in the [[New Era]]. 

These will primarily be provided via a decentralized array of federated teams and organizations fueling the ecosystem described above in Source 2. 

## Summary 

The Movement is designed to be eternally self-sustaining from within, co-operating and continuously improving The Commons enabling it via a system of tithing at the individual and group levels. 

Assuming a [[Lionsberg Cycle Time]] of 2-3 weeks, the System and Movement will be self-sustaining within a year, growing out towards billions of dollars of monthly flow by the time we connect, equip and empower 3% of the population. 
## Startup Capital

Whereas the membership contributions and tithe of project flow are the "thruster engines" that indefinitely propel the movement into a self-sustaining Future via millions / billions in monthly flows, the startup can and should be significantly accelerated by capital from visionary high net worth individuals, organizations, and foundations. 

Jordan put in the first ~ couple million and curated together tens of millions of dollars of value to build the Commons and Platform and forge the Starting Point. 

Our near term Aim for [[Resource Tranche 2]] is to aggregate $10M in initial working capital to fuel The Movement and ensure we get it successfully and powerfully off the ground. 

As the federation grows and we approach the first major global cultural events, additional working capital will be required. Our [[Current Best Understanding]] is that (something like) $100 Million of working capital may be required to facilitate the first $1 Billion of resource flow, after which [[The Movement]] will be indefinitely self-sustaining. 

Working Capital beyond the baseline runway of $50k / month will stewarded in a Critical Path Fund and used to resource Teams handling various functions and Quests that advance the Critical Path of The Movement towards The Goal. 

Emphasis will be placed on resourcing and accelerating regenerative self-sustaining businesses that can handle key functions indefinitely into the future. 

Our hypothesis is the baseline runway may be secured from resource stewards at three distinct levels: 

- **Leadership Contributions**: Several key stewards who are able to commit to leadership contributions of $10k to $20k / month for the next 12 months to 24 months to secure the Baseline Runway
- **Everyday Heroes and Co-Creators** contributing $10 to $100 a month, the thruster engine that ultimately fuels The Movement    
- **Legacy Contributions**: Several key stewards who are able to commit $10 Million to $25 Million each to establish the first ~$100 Million of working capital required to rapidly reach global scale and create the first $1 Billion in federated resource flow  

The startup capital will enable the [[Multi-Phase Poly-Centric Ecosystemic Resourcing Approach]] described elsewhere in more detail. 