# Trust

Trust, both organizational and individual, is required for Integrated Delivery and co-creation.  Trust must be a common thread running through the entire [[Program of Action]] and will provide the foundation for [[Collaboration]].  Trust is essentially a decision each person on the project makes every day to trust the other participants. 

Trust requires that we count on the inner sense of responsibility, integrity, and capability, having faith that others will choose to act in a trustworthy manner, while simultaneously recognizing the possibility that they may choose to betray the faith and trust we have placed in them. 

Since each participant is asked to focus on project goals and continuous [[Flow of Work]] through the entire Program, each must be empowered by their groups to interweave the short term goals of the group with the long term goals of the project, the overarching Program, and the [[Lionsberg System]] as a Whole. 

Trust is realized and progressively grown in different ways for different people. One primary way Trust is built is through making and fulfilling commitments, in the context of clearly defined relationships and culture guided by the Spirit of Truth and Love.  [[Commitments]] form the basis of communication between team members.  Team members must request clear and realistic commitments, strive to keep their own commitments, and timely notify team members if a commitment cannot be met.  **_An Integrated Delivery System becomes_** **_a network of commitments that depends upon all participants keeping their commitments (i.e., being trustworthy and reliable)_**. Because policing of individual activities wastes time and effort, team members must rely upon others to honor commitments or to immediately notify the team when confidence is lost in the ability to deliver as promised.
