# Why A Comprehensive System And Approach Is Not Anti-Christ Or One World Government

It is a concern among some believers that any kind of comprehensive system or approach is inherently anti-Christian or even related to the prophesied "one world government" of the anti-Christ. In stark contrast to the Satanic government outlined in Revelation, the Lionsberg System is founded on biblical principles and values, and is intended to serve as a means of aligning and mobilizing the collective resources, expertise, and creativity of people around the world towards the perfect purpose, will, and intention of God. Far from totalitarian one world control, it is a system purpose-built to decentralize governance and authority, and empower individuals, organizations, and communities around the world to help one another rightly relate to God, one another, and all creation. 

Whereas the antichrist sets up a system of self-worship and totalitarian control in opposition to biblical principles and values, the Lionsberg System is entirely submitted to the Spirit, will, and intention of God, and is a system to serve and empower the voluntary efforts of people around the world to meet needs, solve problems, accomplish goals, and govern themselves in a way that harmonizes them with God, society, and nature. 

## The One World Government of the Anti-Christ 

The biblical prophesies about the one world government of the anti-Christ describe it as a totalitarian regime that seeks to control every aspect of people's lives, including their religion, their monetary systems, and their very identities. 

While the bible does not specifically mention a "one world government", the vision of Revelation does describe a future global ruler who is often referred to as the antichrist or the beast (Rev 13:1, 17:12-13). This figure is described in the book of Revelation as having great power and authority. Perhaps in response to the devastating chaos and catastrophe of the disasters and plagues described in Revelation, other kings and governments subjugate themselves to him. Once the first beast (possibly associated with one world totalitarian governance) is entrenched, he attempts to exalt himself as god and persecute those who do not worship him (2 Thessalonians 2:4). Revelation speaks of a second "beast" (often associated with one world religion) that causes the earth to worship the first beast (Revelation 13:7-8, 11-12). The beast and the dragon (associated with Satan), then impose a totalitarian global system of identity and economy in which everyone is required to receive a mark on their hand or forehead in order to buy or sell (Revelation 13:16-17). This gives them control over all commerce. This is in keeping with the basic satanic spirit that seeks to exalt itself to the place of God (often referenced as Isaiah 14:12-15, Ezekiel 28:17, Revelation 12). 

This kind of system is directly opposed to the principles and values of the bible and the Lionsberg System, which is based on the belief in the inherent worth and dignity of all people created in the image of God, the call to be good stewards of our lives, society, and the earth, and the spiritual mandate for us to rightly relate to God, one another, and all creation as we seek first the Kingdom of God. 

## The Kingdom of God  

The other "one world government" spoken of in Revelation and throughout the prophesies is the Kingdom of God. Whereas the anti-christ seeks to establish totalitarian control that uses force, coercion, and deceit to control every aspect of peoples lives, economy, and identity, the Messiah is portrayed as a powerful liberator that "puts an end to all rule and all authority and power", and then "delivers the kingdom to God the Father" (1 Corinthians 15:24-28). As Jesus establishes the Kingdom through the power of God, who subjects all things to him, he hands the Kingdom over to God and subjects himself to God, so that God is "all in all" as the ultimate "King of kings" and "Lord of lords." This is the process through which the kingdoms of Earth become the Kingdom of God (Revelation 11:15). 

Overall, these passages suggest that Jesus will establish a Kingdom that is characterized by peace, justice, righteousness, and the presence of God. It will be a Kingdom in which the will and intention of God is done on earth as it is in heaven, and in which all people and creatures flourish in harmony, right relationship, and perfect fullness and peace (shalom). This Kingdom will be established through the power of the Holy Spirit, and will involve the transformation of individuals and systems from their old / former state, into the new and higher state. This new and higher state will involve the establishment of new structures and processes for governance, decision making, economy, and society, which are designed to support the realization of the Kingdom of God on earth. 

## The Lionsberg System

The Lionsberg System is designed to be a catalyst and accelerant for this eternal process, and to provide a platform for individuals, organizations, and communities to work together towards the realization of the Kingdom of God on earth as it is in heaven. 

The Lionsberg System is founded on biblical principles and values, and is intended to serve as a means of aligning and mobilizing the collective resources, expertise, and creativity of people around the world towards the perfect purpose, will and intention of God. 

In contrast to the one world government of the anti-Christ, the Lionsberg System is designed as a voluntary system that connects and empowers individuals, organizations, and communities to work together towards their shared goals and values. It is a system of systems, in which all participants are able to contribute their unique talents and resources towards a common cause. By fostering collaboration, innovation, and collective action, we believe that it is possible to create a world in which everyone has the opportunity to flourish and reach their full potential.

The Lionsberg System is also deeply aligned with biblical principles and values such as love, justice, and wisdom. These values are inspired by Jesus' commandment to love one another (John 13:34) and the biblical understanding of love as the highest virtue (1 Corinthians 13:13) and the nature of God (1 John 4:8). The Lionsberg System also aligns with the biblical call to do justice (Isaiah 1:17) and to be good stewards of the earth and its resources. It is designed to be a catalyst for positive change and transformation, and a means of leveraging the collective wisdom, knowledge, and resources of people around the world towards a common purpose. It is intended to be a beacon of hope and a source of inspiration for people everywhere, and to demonstrate that it is possible, in partnership with God and one another, to create a brighter future for all. 

As Jesus said when he himself was accused of being in league with Satan "a kingdom divided against itself cannot stand." A system like Lionsberg that advocates and entirely aligns with the wisdom, values, and principles of scripture could not possibly be opposed to the Spirit of God. If we are to work effectively towards God's kingdom, on earth as it is in heaven, we should do so powerfully and competently. Powerful and competent work demands systems, process, and partnership. That is the purpose and intention of the Lionsberg System. 

___

Forward to [[Conclusion - Lionsberg - A Biblical Perspective]]    
Back to [[Alignment Of The Lionsberg System With Biblical Principles And Values]]  
Back to table of contents [[Lionsberg - A Biblical Perspective]]    
