# 10.25 Individuals Inform And Transform Systems And Structure

Highly [[Enlightened]] people will find a way to [[Elevate And Transform]] any system, or no system or law at all, to produce the greatest good for All. This is because they are internally guided and impelled by the universal unwritten [[Meta Spirit]] and [[Meta Law]] and [[Metaphysical DNA]] that causes them to manifest the fruit of the [[New World]], which is the fruit of the [[Spirit]] of the [[One]], no matter their circumstance.  

In contrast, highly unenlightened and selfish people will find a way to subvert and self-optimize any system, or not system at all, to produce the greatest good for them selves. This is because they are internally guided and impelled by the lower spirit of self-interest, fear, and greed that causes them to manifest the fruit of the [[Old World]], no matter their circumstance. 

Systems, structures, laws, and incentives are but the faintest restraints on the incredible power that flows from creatively conscious individuals.

A system or structure can never contain a rightly or wrongly motivated individual. What is inside the individual will always, somehow, find a way to express itself and shape the world around it into its Image. 

The good will express itself even in the most bad system, and the evil will express itself even in the most good system.

To be whole, each individually must, of our own free will and volition, become living embodiments of the Spirit and intention that creates and sustains life.

Each individual must, of their own free will, shape and transform the world around them into their Image. 

This includes the Systems and Structures that Society and our world is composed of. We are the [[Free]] [[Conscious Agents]] who [[Co-Create]] the Systems and Structures within which we dwell. 

