# 10.28 Just Enough Chaos, And Just Enough Order

And yet as soon as we talk about properly ordered being, in properly ordered structure, our fierce drive for freedom, sovereignty, and agency rises up and rips its chains from the wall. Sovereigns cannot be contained by structure. Creative consciousness does not exist within walls or structures made of human hands.

We are [[Sovereign]]. We are [[Free]]. 

Sovereign, creatively conscious beings.  

And what are we here to do?  

Discover and achieve our potential. Love. Help. Serve. Solve problems. Overcome the existential threats. Transform our Selves and our world. Forge a more flourishing and abundant life. Forge a better future. Forge a better world.  

All these things require that we begin to forge, in the midst of whatever [[Temporal]] and [[Spacial]] chaos and [[Potential]] we find our Selves in, some kind of habitable Structure and [[Order]]. 

This Structure is the walls we erect to protect our community. It is the home we erect to protect our loved ones. It is the fruit trees we cultivate to feed all generations of life. It is the loving bonds of right relationship we forge. It is the protective membranes around each that work to keep the right things in, and the wrong things out. 

But the habitable [[Order]] we create must never try to overcome or contain the spirit of the beings that created and are sustaining it, or the [[Spirit]] that is creating and sustaining them. 

When we slay the [[Existential Threat]] and forge the [[New World]] out of its pieces, sometimes the very thing we created turns back into the [[Existential Threat]] at hand. 

The existential threat of extreme [[Chaos]] becomes the existential threat of extreme [[Order]]. The hell of total anarchy and wilderness turns to the hell of stifling totalitarian control. 

Sometimes the dragon of chaos becomes the dragon of order, and we must cut it into pieces all over again, to once again forge a [[New World]].

The dragon of order thought it was sovereign. So individual sovereigns arose and united to reclaim the sovereignty that was rightfully theirs, flowing directly from its Source, and which was being usurped by the dragon of false totalitarian order.  

But they had to do it very carefully. When you attempt to slay the dragon of order, it often transforms back into the dragon of chaos. 

The pendulum keeps swinging back and forth.

It is our Spirit and [[Consciousness]], and the Spirit and Consciousness of  that mediates this dramatic balance and dance. 

If we want to succeed and avoid failure, it is time we discover the middle perfection, and see if we can learn how to remain eternally right on the edge that separates too much chaos, from too much order. 

That is the zone of proximal development. That is the growth edge. That is the edge of purpose and meaning.  

We should fear too much chaos. We should fear too much order. We should long for just enough chaos. We should long for just enough order. But above all, we should fear and long for the [[One]] who consciously mediates between them to forge over more perfect, flourishing, and abundant life an society. 