# 10.36 The Meta Community 

Love.

Individual and Local Sovereignty.

Right relationship, mutual assistance, and coordination among sovereigns as all sovereigns help one another continuously elevate towards [[The Goal]]. 

Each individual is responsible to progressively discover and achieve the fullness of their potential, by helping all others do the same.

Each locality is responsible to progressively discover and achieve its full potential as a community, by helping all others do the same.

Every higher order locality is responsible for helping its constituent localities discover and achieve their potential, by helping all other higher order localities do the same.

The [[Meta Community]] is simply the total set of all properly functioning, coordinated, and rightly related sovereigns, helping one another rise towards [[The Goal]].

Sovereign individuals…

Voluntarily associate into sovereign families…

Voluntarily associate into sovereign localities…

Voluntarily associate into higher order localities…

Voluntarily associate into the [[Meta]] (non) locality…

That is the total set of all localities…

Which progressively forges the higher order functional unity that is capable of meeting the needs and solving the problems inherent in every fractal of the Whole.

The [[Meta Community]] is achieved by the voluntary ascension of sovereigns into the higher order functional unity and mutual benefit that is made possible by compliance with the [[Meta Law]], and adherence to the [[Minimum Standards of Interoperability]].  

Each sovereign remains sovereign, and free to leave the [[Meta Community]] at any time.

The [[Meta Community]] is not held together by force, coercion or control, but by [[Wisdom]], [[Love]], and [[Influence]]. 

The wisdom from individual and local sovereignties flows up to inform the transformation, proper functioning, and direction of the Whole.

The wisdom from the Whole flows down to inform the transformation and proper functioning and direction of the Sovereigns.

The Whole is guided by the collective cognition and wisdom of the distributed sovereigns.

The distributed sovereigns are guided by the collective cognition and wisdom of the Whole.

All sovereigns optimize for the Whole, by helping elevate and transform the the least whole towards The Goal. 

The Whole optimizes for the flourishing of all sovereigns, by helping elevate and transform All.

[[Primary Identity]] and Love lie first at the [[Meta Level]] so that all sovereigns manifest the Patterns of Life and avoid the Patterns of Death.

This enables All to succeed, and avoid failure. 

A body divided is already dead.

A spiritual unity can live forever.

Secondary identity lies at the individual and local, which empowers the ever-complexifying diversity of unique expression.

Over time, individual and local expression within the [[Meta Community]], like individual and local expression in nature, grows ever more diverse, beautiful, and complex.

The most worthy prototypes succeed, prosper, and spread their [[Metaphysical DNA]].

The [[Meta Law]] of the [[Meta Community]] is not imposed from the top down, but rather each unique expression is tested for fit against it, and continuously transformed towards it from within. 

The [[Meta Community]] tests, selects and rejects based on fit…

In the same way that nature tests, selects and rejects based on fit. 

Each unique sovereign expression is valued based on the value it creates for the Whole as all generations of the Whole continuously and relentlessly advance towards [[The Goal]]. 

Individual and local sovereigns choose of their own free will to **rise up** into **continuously improving coherence** with the total set of protocols, wisdom, culture, principles, and values that enable multi-generational stewardship and interoperability.

Multi-generational stewardship and interoperability enable the free flow of collaboration, resources, and mutual assistance.

The [[Meta Community]] is the continuously elevating organizational structure for all participants in the [[Meta Project]] and the [[Meta Game]].

Without higher order functional unity, it is impossible to win the [[Meta Game]], and thereby achieve the [[Meta Goal]].

The [[Meta Community]] is an invitation to awaken, arise, and set ones feet on the path towards the sacred city that is the dwelling place of fully enlightening and rightly related [[Consciousness]].

The [[Meta Community]] is inherently sovereign. It is the total set and full expression of all inherent individual sovereignty, which can never be tread on or oppressed. 

This is the Way towards The Goal. 

___

Forward to [[10.37 Protecting the Individual and the Local from the Power of the Meta Community]]  
Back to [[10.35 The Order Of Communities And The Meta Community]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
