# 10.39 What Binds Us Together?

What binds us together as we embark on the universal [[Quest]] towards our [[Destiny]]?

Is it money and benefits? Currency flowing from the center, that keeps us bound in golden handcuffs, over-paid and under-resourced so we have no options and cannot go anywhere else, with our lifestyle built around the position and benefits that subordinate us to rule of others? Is it the allure and security of life as [[Employee Consumer Slaves]] in the corrupt hierarchies of the [[Old World]]? 

No. We must be able to speak up. Speak [[Truth]] to power. Express our unique independence. Embody the [[Way]] of the [[ONE]].

So what binds us together?

It is actual relationship. Actual purpose. Actual meaning. Actual culture. Genuine friendship. Genuine [[Right Relationship]] among [[All]] generations of life flowing from the [[ONE]] Source.

What binds us together is not authority. It is not compulsion. It is not fear. It is not allegiance to the flag of any empire, oligarchy, or brand. 

It is the universal and eternal [[Spirit]]. It is the universal and eternal [[Way]]. It is the universal and eternal [[ONE]].  

It is the [[Way]] of the [[ONE]].  

It is the [[Truth]] of the [[ONE]].  

It is the [[Life]] of the [[ONE]].  

It is the [[ONE]]. 

[[ONE]] is by definition the only thing that can bind us [[All]] together. 

___

Forward to [[10.40 Embodying the Spirit Before Hardening the Systems]]  
Back to [[10.38 Functionally Unified Sovereigns Without a Ruler]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  

