# 10.40 Embodying the Spirit Before Hardening the Systems

This is a critical point.

Humanity does not yet know how to properly [[Embody]] the [[Way]] of the [[ONE]].  

It cannot be articulated and imposed from the top down.

To [[Know]] the [[Way]], one must live it. 

This Way must genuinely arise from the Spirit, sovereignty, and [[Free Will]] of every individual.

It cannot be faked. It cannot be pretended. 

Individuals must [[Practice]] the [[Way]], learn how to embody it individually, learn how to embody it collectively, and learn how to train others in the [[Way]].

The seed of the [[Way]] must sprout, come into life, be nurtured, cultivated, and carefully tended to.

If the [[Metaphysical DNA]] of the [[Way]] is properly sequenced and brought into form, this form will grow up into a mighty tree, that will multiply into a mighty forest, that will cover the earth like floodwaters of abundance.

Once you see and exist in the flourishing and abundant forest you will understand what it is.

Until you exist in and embody the forest, you are only guessing at the Way.

Beware that no one codifies the [[Way]] until we learn how to collectively [[Embody]] its [[Spirit]]. And its Spirit is not static. It is living, dynamic, and transformational. It changes with each generation of Life. It constantly elevates and transforms. 

The [[Code]] and [[Pattern Language]] of the [[New World]] is [[ONE]] of continuously elevating, transforming, and conforming our Selves towards [[The Goal]]. 

This requires identification not with any form or present embodiment, but with the universal and eternal Spirit that is guiding the subsequent transformations throughout the generations in [[All]] times and places. 

It will only be after embodying it and living it that human beings will understand and be able to articulate what they are doing.

For now – simply liberate, elevate, and empower. Restore individual and local sovereignty, and empower people to embody the [[Way]], in their own unique way, as we all converge towards the One.

A thousand false teachers and betrayers will arise and object to our progress in the [[Way]] towards the [[ONE]].

They will claim they are the way. They will sow fear and repeat the [[Old]] lies of religion, empire, and oligarchy.

They will attempt to convert you to their way.

They will promise you safety. They will promise you eternal abundance. They will promise you escape from hell.

Do not be deceived. Do not follow them.

Stand in your own sovereignty, authority, and personal direct [[Right Relationship]] with [[ONE]] and [[All]].  

Look only to the [[ONE]]. Walk only in the nameless and eternal [[Way]] that transcends all named ways. The way that can be named is not the [[Way]]. 

The Way will one day be embodied, understood and articulated into the [[New Constitution]] and [[New Law]] of the [[New World]]…

However in this [[Way]], the law is written on the hearts of each individual in a far more comprehensive and complete [[Way]] than it could ever be articulated in words. That is the entire point of the [[New Covenant]]. 

As we all journey towards [[The Goal]], [[Love]], [[Help]], and [[Do No Harm]] to [[One Another]], and optimize for the Whole.

This is the only law and system we need in order to begin.

___

Forward to [[10.41 What Would Sovereigns In Right Relationship Would Do Together?]]  
Back to [[10.39 What Binds Us Together?]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  
