# 10.6 Suffering From Lack Of Solutions To Inherent Problems And Needs

These basic unmet [[Problems and Needs]] are a primary source of suffering and pain. 

Before an individual can transcend and fully actualize the fullness of their [[Creative Consciousness]] in [[Right Relationship]] with the universe and its [[Source]], there is a [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Needs]] that must be addressed. 

Suffering in the mire of [[Chaos]], scarcity, and danger, faced with existential threats on every side, a being must first secure their survival.

Alone in the jungle, the being must first secure a simple shelter or they may die that evening.

They must then secure a source of water or they may die in days.

They must then secure a source of food or they may die in weeks.

They must then secure a source of companionship or they may die in months.

They must then find their way back to community.

They must then reintegrate themselves in right standing and esteem in the [[Community]].

And then they must draw on the totality of their experience, suffering, pain, and restoration to rediscover the Fount of youthful creativity and vision, to once again see and become who they are uniquely destined to be.

___

Forward to [[10.7 Unrealized Potential Due To Lack Of Access To Inherent Problems And Needs]]                 
Back to [[10.5 The Needs And Problems Inherent In All Individuals, Organizations, And Communities]]                      
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  

