# 17. Conscious Influence

As the Divine Flower of the Universe unfurls and the Implicit Logos becomes Explicit and Manifest, Consciousness is Influencing All aspects of Co-Creation from a [[Depth]] far beyond the constraints of [[SpaceTime]].  

[[Conscious]] is Co-Creating the [[Intersubjective Unfolding]] of [[Reality]]. 

When considering Consciousness, one must differentiate the [[Meta Consciousness]] / Supreme Consciousness / Ultimate Consciousness of the [[One]] that orders and contains the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Consciousness]] within Itself, from the [[Apparently Individuated]] fragments of Consciousness differentially aggregated in Bodies of temporarily [[Associative Energy]].  

Any Apparently Individuated aspect of Consciousness metaphysically or physically incarnate in a temporary Embodiment of Associative Energy can influence a Realm of SpaceTime that varies in proportion to its Quality, Size, and the degree of [[Responsibility and Authority]] it has been offered and voluntarily chosen to accept. 

Just as each [[Apparently Individuated Consciousness]] can influence a [[SpatioTemporal Domain]] corresponding to its size, it can also access various Dimensions and [[Realms of Reality]] in accordance with its Quality. 

Beyond the gross, low resolution, three dimensional standard physical plane generally perceptible and accessible by humanity, many other [[Realms of Reality]] exist that Ultimately are One and defy [[Categorization]]. 

I am using these [[Word Tools]] very loosely as Pointers towards things which we do not at present have words for in the English Language. We will later create better [[Word Tools]] via the [[Lionsberg Lexicon]] and the [[Lionsberg Language]].  

In the vast array of trillions of galaxies across the [[Observable Universe]] and vastly Beyond, we can imagine that there may exist a tremendous diversity of Life and Consciousness ranging far beyond the incredible Diversity the human species and its Keepers are presently destroying here on Earth. 

These vast diversity of Beings has a vast Diversity of Consciousness, enabling various Beings From Beyond to access and move in Dimensions and Realms of the Universe that are invisible and inaccessible to most humans. 

___

Forward to [[18. The Panoply of Beings From Beyond]]      
Back to [[16. Beyond The Limitations of SpaceTime]]      
Back to table of contents [[Aliens, Fascists, and Giants  - Our Epic Battle for The Future of Civilization]]  
Onward to Other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  