# 3.13 Spiraling Up or Down

There is a wondrous and terrifying aspect of our existence, which is that it is impossible to remain where we are. 

We are beings in motion, transforming moment by moment towards our [[Destiny]]. 

It is of utmost importance that we rise towards [[The Goal]]; for if we are not rising towards it, we are descending towards Its antithesis. 

We cannot remain as we are. 

The dynamic and synergistic inter-existence of All things causes the universe to be in a perpetual state of motion and transformation.
 
We are always spiraling, individually, relationally, and collectively. 
 
Upward towards our [[Best And Highest]] Potential / fulfillment / actualization / success / light / warmth / life / heaven. 
 
Or downward towards towards decay / sub optimization / failure / darkness / cold / death / hell. 
 
Choose the [[Patterns of Life]] that lead upwards towards the highest [[Potential]] and Greatest Good. 
 
Avoid the [[Patterns of Death]] that drive ever downward towards the lowest [[Potential]] and Deepest Anti-Good. 
 
Choose the [[Patterns of Success]] that spiral All things upward towards [[The Goal]].  
 
Avoid the [[Patterns of Failure]] that spiral All things down towards [[The Anti-Goal]].

We are all tied up in one cloak of [Destiny], so if I am rising, you are rising, and if you are rising, I am rising, and if you and I are rising, we are rising, and can Help All Things Rise. 

Let’s rise. 

___

Forward to [[3.14 Love]]  
Back to [[3.12 All Things Helping One Another Rise]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  


