# 3.20 The One We Love
The question is how omni-encompassing we can make the [[One We Love]]. 
 
How nearly we can approach the [[Meta Love]]
 
As we are transformed and develop greater capacity to [[Love]], the Love within us grows and radiates out ever further. 

Every Being on earth is like a portal through which the Spirit and Intention of Love can flow. 

The closer we get to the [[ONE]], the closer we get to [[All]]. 

[[Love]] [[ONE]]  
[[Love]] [[All]]   
[[Love]] Your [[Self]]  

The Universal Law is so simple. It encompasses [[All]] in [[ONE]] Word, [[ONE]] Principle, [[ONE]] Spirit, [[ONE]] [[Logos]]. 

[[Love]] opens reciprocally as we spiral upwards towards [[The Goal]]. 

We learn to [[Love]] from the [[Source]] of [[Love]]. 

When we [[Realize]] how much [[ONE]] Loves Us, it helps us [[Realize]] [[Who We Are]]. 

When we [[Realize]] [[Who We Are]], it helps us [[Realize]] how to [[Love]] our [[Self]]. 

When we [[Realize]] how to [[Love]] our [[Self]] and our [[Source]] ever more fully, it helps us [[Realize]] how to [[Love]] [[All]] [[Creation]].

As we [[Realize]] how to [[Love]] our [[Self]], [[ONE]], and [[All]], [[Love]] begins to permeate us. When [[Love]] begins to permeate us, it begins to more fully permeate the world. 

Like a tiny seed or any living thing, [[Love]] starts small and grows. As we grow in [[Love]], our [[Love]] might extend out to where can begin to [[Love]] our family, our friends, and our neighbors in the same way we [[Love]] our Self. As we Love and serve our family, friends, and neighbors, our Love might extend out further to our tribe. As we Love and serve our tribe, our Love might extend out further to our local community that encompasses people from multiple tribes. As we Love and serve our community, our Love might extend out beyond the people in the community to the creatures who share the land and environment with us. As we Love and serve all the people and all the creatures in our local community, our Love might extend out further to the communities around us who are friendly, struggling, or in need. As we Love and serve the surrounding communities that we like and feel good about loving, our Love might extend out further to people, tribes, or communities that we are afraid of or that we perceive as enemies. As we Love and serve communities that we are afraid of and perceive as enemies, our Love might extend out even further to those who are so lost and broken that they are intentionally harming us for their own benefit. As we Love and serve even those who are intentionally harming us for their own benefit, we begin to approach the type of permeating and unconditional Love that radiates from [[ONE]] and permeates and sustains [[All]]. 

If the [[Love]] of the [[ONE]] draws us far enough up towards the perspective and wisdom of the [[ONE]], we begin to see that [[All]] things are inter-connected and inter-existent. We begin to see that [[All]] things, whether they are acting like it or not, are one. 

When the [[One We Love]] becomes one with the All-encompassing [One] [Loves], then we naturally begin to act with ferocious power, all excellence, and the fullness of Being in service of [[ONE]] and [[All]]. 

This is the kind of [[Love]] that demands the kind of [[Faith]] that can move mountains. 

___

Forward to [[3.21 The One We Love Is Suffering]]  
Back to [[3.19 Fierce Love]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  