# 3.23 The Logical End Of Love Is The Goal

The logical end of a universal upward spiral of [[Love]] and mutual assistance is the [[Goal]].

What lies at the ultimate end of that pattern of [[All]] things Helping [[All]] things rise towards [[The Goal]]? 

What is the upper limit of what might be possible if [[All]] truly helped [[One Another]] rise towards the fullness of [[Potential]]? 

How high might we be able to Lift One Another? 
 
We cannot possibly fathom it, however we know that the logical end is a fully developing, integrating, cohering, flourishing Whole, rightly relating to its [[Self]] and its [[Source]] at every fractal level, and therefore continuing to get [[A Little Better Every Day]]. 
 
From the smallest microcosm, to the macrocosm itself. 

We cannot even imagine or conceive of what the upper limit of that pattern might be. 

So we can it [[Heaven]]. 
 
[[Heaven]] is what lies at the end of the logic of [[Love]]. 

It is the Best Possible place and State of Being. 

It is [[The Goal]]. 
 
If a global body of 8 billion human beings simply chose to be a conduit of the Spirt, Law, and Logic of [[Love]] in each moment, with each breath, and in each domain, then [[Love]] would permeate and define the [[Living System]], and all things would spiral up towards their potential. 
  
We are elevating and transforming towards an [[Ideal]] which is beyond our ability to conceptualize, guided by the Spirit of [[Love]].
 
The logical, mathematical end of the process of infinitely and fractally applying [[Love]] to the product of each preceding transformation is [[The Goal]]. 

[[Love]] taken to its highest and most permeating ultimate conclusion. 
 
A totally integrating and developing Living System permeated by [[Love]] from highest level concept, to lowest level detail, is [[The Goal]]. 

All things Rightly Related to [[One]], [[One Another]], and [[All]], right here on earth. 

This is the [[Meta Goal]] of the [[Meta Quest]]. 

The Most Holy Grail. 

___

Forward to [[3.x25 Complacency]]  
Back to [[3.22 Moving Heaven And Earth]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
