# 3.7 The Universal Intention and Goal
_Seek first [[The Goal]], and every one of the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals]] will be added unto you._ 

_Seek first any one of the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals]], and it will be impossible to ever accomplish [[The Goal]]._

Near the very top of the [[Meta Order]] stands the great [[Right Questions|Question]] of Intent.  
 
Because the [[New World]] has not yet been our perceived reality, we cannot comprehend it. 
 
Because we cannot comprehend it, we may not be able to [[Envision]] or [[Imagine]] it. 
 
Yet we can understand and abstract out the [[Highest Intention and Greatest Good]]. 
 
The [[Highest Intention and Greatest Good]] is in the realm of the [[Absolute]] and the [[Ideal]]. 
 
The [[Ideal]] is [[The Goal]]. It is our [[Aim]].   

The [[Ideal]] and [[The Goal]] are one with the [[One]]. 

The [[Way]] towards [[The Goal]] is to [[Aim]] at the [[One]]. 

We can only Aim at one thing, therefore the only [[Logos]] is for [[All]] to [[Aim]] at the [[One Thing]] that contains orders [[All]] things within Itself.  

Our [[Current Best Understanding]] is that the Intention, [[Logos]], and Spirit of the [[One]] is [[Love]]. 

Our [[Current Best Understanding]] is that [[One]] _is_ Love. 

Therefore the only universal [[Meta Goal]] can be to [[Realize]] the fullness and perfection of [[Love]], and the total flourishing harmony for All it implies and contains within Itself.  

[[The Goal]] is to [[Realize]] this [[Highest Intention and Greatest Good]]. 
 
The [[Highest Intention and Greatest Good]] flows from the [[Logic of Love]]. It brings with it Right Relationship, Unity, Harmony, and Flourishing. It unleashes the universal Symphony. 

When the Symphony sounds, heaven is present right here on earth. All things tuned to the same fundamental tone of [[Love]] flowing from its [[Source]], which is the [[Source]] of [[All]]. 

Not only would heaven be present right here on earth, but it would be continuing to [[Get A Little Better Every Day]] for eternity, as [[All]] things would be embodying the [[Love]] that impels them to make it so. 

Eternally approaching, but never reaching, the upper limit of infinite [[Potential]]. 
 
This [[Meta Intention]] is already present, longing to emerge, gathering its forces. It points the [[Way]] towards [[The Goal]], which in the end is not really a Goal at all, but a Being. 

___

Forward to [[3.8 Intention Into Reality]]  
Back to [[3.6 The Universal Invitation]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  