# 13.17 Becoming a Hero

Unlike those who choose slavery over life, you are awakening, arising, and destined to become a [[Hero]].

How does one become a [[Hero]]?

By searching out and properly identifying with the [[Spirit]] that animates the [[Meta Hero]] and Creates and Sustains All Life.  

By making a [[Conscious Decision]] to primarily Identify with this [[Spirit]], and join your Self to its Purpose, Aim, and Goal. 

By discerning to the best of our ability its Perfect and Highest Perspective, Wisdom, Intention, and Logos. 

By discerning to the best of our ability [[Where We Are]]. 

By setting our eyes on [[Where We Are Going]]. 

And by engaging in the heroic [[Quest]] to venture out into the [[Unknown]], to struggle valiantly and die nobly if necessary to confront and overcome the [[Existential Threats]] of the [[Wilderness]] standing between us and [[The Goal]], thereby transforming our Selves, our lives and our world... 

FROM [[What Is]]  
TO [[What Ought To Be]], which is the fullness of their [[Potential]]  

In this way we become one with the [[Spirit]] that calls [[All]] life to [[Progress]] towards its best and highest [[Potential]] and its [[Ultimate Unity]] through [[Love]]. 

By taking on the greatest [[Responsibility]] we can bear, voluntarily exposing ourselves to [[Suffering]] and even [[Death]] to speak [[Truth]], embodying the [[Logos]], and confronting and overcoming [[Evil]] for the wellbeing of [[All]], we can unlock the hidden [[Potential]] in our physical and [[Metaphysical DNA]] that is longing to reemerge into a generation of mythical super heroes who transform the course of history and establish the [[New Era]]. 

This latent [[Potential]] cannot be unlocked by sitting on your couch or slaving away in the [[Old]] System. Your wings cannot develop into the fullness of their [[Potential]] in a cage with your keepers constantly clipping them. Heroic [[Potential]] can only be unleashed through the valiant struggle towards [[Freedom]] and [[Right Relationship]] with [[God]] at all costs.

This is the story deep in your heart that calls to you in the moments when you truly listen.

It is the epic struggle that unleashes the hero, and the hero that unleashes the [[Meta Victory]], and the [[Meta Victory]] that unleashes the [[New World]].

Get off your leash, out of your cage, and get into the arena. The wilderness and adventure [[Beyond]] awaits! 

The epic [[Quest]] towards your destiny awaits! The [[Meta Game]] longs to be played.

A generation of heroes is arising and you are destined to be one of them.

___

Forward to [[13.18 What Do I Do and Where Do I Begin?]]  
Back to [[13.16 Waiting For A Meta Hero]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  
