# 13.22 Integrating All We Are in Service of the One

The [[Conscious Decision]] required of each of us is to choose what we place our being and creative consciousness [[In Service To]].

If we creatively and skillfully propagate the [[Patterns of Death]], over time, little by little, we become more and more hellish creatures that inflict [[Hell]] on ourselves and others.

If we creatively and skillfully propagate the [[Patterns of Life]] in partnership with the [[Spirit of God]], over time, little by little, we become more and more heavenly. Creatures who co-create a heavenly existence for ourselves and others.

By embodying the [[Patterns of Life ]]that *cause* you and [[All Creation]] to [[Progress]] towards [[The Goal]], you bring yourself into [[Harmony]] with and Service to the [[ONE]] whose [[Intention]], [[Spirit]], and [[Way]] is [[The Goal]]. 

It is very pragmatic, and not at all like the childish heaven and hell the forces of empire and their religious institutions threatened and enticed the world with for millennia.

You are hereby liberated from the institutions of empire and religion. In the [[Family of God]], you are both a King and a Priest, and you have Authority over the self-appointed Kings and Priests of the Earth. 

You, a [[Sovereign]] being, are Free, if you would only [[Take Up]] that [[Freedom]] and accept the tremendous [[Responsibility]] that [[Liberty]] demands of you.

The good news is that we are not bound to the terrifying spectacle of trying to choose which institution or empire or religion to subordinate ourselves to, in order to obtain their certification and approval, and thereby achieve the barcode of heaven and avoid the barcode of hell.

The entire message of hope and goodness is that you, as an individual, sovereign, unique, worthy being, are loved, longed for, and desired by the Source that generates and sustains your Life, Light, and Love, by the Its Spirit that is living within you.

___

Forward to [[13.23 Freedom and Forgiveness]]  
Back to [[13.21 Embracing and Acknowledging the Light and the Darkness]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  
