# 13.21 Embracing and Acknowledging the Light and the Darkness

If for any reason you cannot see the [[Light]] within you, look deeper. It is there. Waiting. Longing. Beckoning. Knocking. Open the door. Go in there. Look at It. Discover what It is. No matter how deep you have buried It and tried to ignore and conceal It, It is there. The Divine Spark. The Spirit of God. You could not be reading this if it was not still within you. 

Likewise, if you cannot see the Darkness within you, look deeper. It is there. Waiting. Whispering. Deceiving. Look at it. Discover what it is. No matter how deep you have buried it and tried to ignore and conceal it, it is there. Longing to lay hold of you and express itself through you. 

If you think you are perfectly good, or you think you are perfectly evil, you are mistaken.

If you think others are perfectly good, or you think others are perfectly evil, you are mistaken.

There is only [[ONE]] who is perfectly Good, and only one who is perfectly [[Evil]]. 

You are human. Others are human. The rest of us, we all live in the middle of the [[Spiritual War]]. 

We are all spiritual beings, who properly enlightened and lifted up towards our potential are capable of co-creating the most wonderful, loving, heavenly experiences and environments. 

And who properly lied to, manipulated, deceived, and oppressed, are capable of willfully inflicting hell on one another.

The only chance we have at winning the [[Spiritual War]] is to embrace and acknowledge without Fear, in a Spirit of Love, that the first place it must be waged is within our own Soul. 

___

Forward to [[13.22 Integrating All We Are in Service of the One]]  
Back to [[13.20 Fear, Mistakes, and Shame]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  


