# 13.26 Re-Anchoring Identity, Knowledge, Loyalty, and Faith in God

Once we liberate ourselves the propositions and forms of [[The Caves]] we were raised in, it is crucial that we do not become unmoored. 

The crucial aspect of the [[Truth]] that sets us free is that it simultaneously re-anchors us to [[Source]] of [[Truth]]. In cutting our anchors loose from the narrow religious, political, or ideological denominations we were raised in, we simultaneously must reattach them to the [[Deepest]] Supreme Foundation, the Unshakeable and Unchanging Rock of God, the non-propositional [[Ultimate Reality]] from which articulated [[Reality]] flows. 

The [[New Era]] is ushered in as a result of [[Knowledge]] of [[God]] that [[Covers The Earth Like Floodwaters]]. Direct, personal, non-propositional Knowledge. 

This [[Spirit]] and [[Knowledge]] is what impels us to beat our swords into ploughshares, and our weapons into tools of life. It is what impels the lion to lie down with the lamb. 

Many messengers and prophets have spoken to this destined outcome, and when they spoke they were speaking of and pointing to [[ONE]], the uncaused cause of [[All]], which cannot be reduced to a statue, building, or set of religious propositions. 

The moment you attempt to bottle up the [[Spirit of God]] for your own purposes, it annihilates you. It will not be contained. It permeates you, it sustains you, it lovingly and graciously  makes possible your every heartbeat and breathe…

…but woe to the false teachers who build empires and oligarchies in It’s Name. Their downfall is at hand! 

Our [[True Identity]] lies not in religion, denomination, tribe, nation, practice, or form, but in the [[ONE]] guiding the subsequent transformations of all forms, propositions, life, consciousness, and practices across [[Time]] and [[Space]]. 

Our true [[Knowledge]] lies not in articulated institutional propositions, but in the eternally deeper [[Non-Propositional]] Way of Knowing, being, and experiencing the [[Ultimate Reality]] and [[Ground of Being]]. 

Our true [[Loyalty]] lies not to some dogmatic form created into the past, or to institutions and leaders, but to the eternally regenerative [[Spirit]] that creates, sustains, and guides the creation and transformation of the Universe. 

Our true [[Faith]] lies not in blind submission to unprovable propositions decreed by empires and oligarchies as [[Orthodox]], but in binding ourselves faithfully to the [[ONE]] from Whom our conscious ability to articulate a proposition flows.

The [[Spirit of God]] lays the eternally Wise, Right, True, Beautiful, and Good  [[Golden Thread]] that gleams through the entropy and decay that is inherent to all forms. 

We can look on the decay and distortions of our institutions with the same odd mix of disgust and compassion that accompanies that which is dying and passing away.

We can graciously hospice the carefully articulated propositions that arose, lived, served their purpose for a while, and now are manifesting themselves like dinosaurs that are incompatible with the [[New Era]] that is [[Emerging]].

When you have become a seventh degree black belt in a form and promised to teach it faithfully until you die, it can feel like death and betrayal to break your promise of [[Loyalty]] in order to do what is right and bring forth the [[New]] that is longing to express itself through you.

And yet if you do not… if you cling to the [[Old]] forms that you see have become corrupted, inadequate, and have departed from the [[Way]]…

…you betray your own consciousness, soul, and the [[Source]] from which it flows. 

Once you understand the [[New]] yet eternal [[Way]] of growing, learning, discovering, knowing, and rightly relating to the One, to One Another, and to [[All Creation]] by the [[Spirit of God]], from a depth and [[Way]] of [[Being]], [[Knowing]], and [[Doing]] that is so much deeper than words…

…you cannot turn back without betraying your Spirit and soul. 

The only Firm Foundation to which we anchor our Highest Identity, Knowledge, Loyalty, and Faith is directly to [[God]], without intermediation by any human conception or form. 

When [[All]] things directly and rightly relate and conform their Selves to [[God]]...

... the [[New World]] is at hand. 

___

Forward to [[13.27 Loving Right Relationship]]  
Back to [[13.25 Rediscovering the Transcendent and Non-Propositional Ultimate Reality]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  
