# 13.32 The Choice is Ours

We have a choice. 

Our legacy and the world we leave behind will be evaluated on the basis of this [[Conscious Decision]].

We can use the fullness of our creative consciousness, technology, and resources to sow seeds of [[Truth]], [[Love]], [[Justice]], [[Stewardship]], [[Wisdom]], [[Beauty]], [[Liberty]], and [[Unity]]. 

If we do, our emerging and united superpowers will accelerate us towards the greatest era of [[Purpose]], [[Peace]] and [[Prosperity]] that our world has ever known. We will reap the greatest harvest of [[Joy]], [[Harmony]] and [[Abundance]] in history. If we design and build carefully enough, this [[New Era]] will last for a thousand years and [[Beyond]]. 

We also clearly can see what will happen if we fail to do this. 

We can choose to use the fullness of our creative consciousness and technology to continue to sow seeds of [[Deceit]], [[Fear]], [[Injustice]], [[Exploitation]], [[Folly]], [[Oppression]], and [[Division]]. We can continue to allow false political and religious shepherds to separate and divide us from one another to maintain their perches of power that depend on the fear, suffering, and poverty of their flocks. 

False power depends on poverty and separation. 

If we choose to do this, our emerging and divided superpowers will accelerate us towards the greatest season of suffering that the world has ever known.

The choice is ours. 

___

Forward to [[13.33 Why Us?]]  
Back to [[13.31 No Excuses - It is Absolutely and Inevitably Possible]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  
