# 13.38 Co-Creation with the Best Partner We Could Ever Hope For

In the face of insurmountable odds and a epic [[Quest]] with no way to possibly anticipate what delights and horrors may befall us, there are few things as important as [[Who]] will be beside along the [[Way]].

The best partner we could every hope for extends the hand of friendship and partnership. If only we would reach back and accept the infinite gift that is offered to us.

If only we would cast our entire fortune and lot back in the with [[Source]] from which [[All]] things arise; our past, our present, our future, our relationships, our resources…

What do we have that we have not first received from the [[Source and Sustainer]] of [[Life]]?

If we empty our [[False Self]] out, and rediscover who we truly and uniquely are created to be…

If we cleanse our Selves of all that is not [[Wise]], [[Right]], [[True]], and [[Good]], and strive to see as the [[One]] sees, to think as the [[One]] thinks, and to embody the [[Will]], [[Intention]], and [[Spirit]] of the [[One]]... 

In return we merge towards [[Higher Order Functional Unity]] empowered by the same [[Spirit]] that creates and sustains the universe.

We can stay with the timing of the [[One]]. 

We can walk in the revelation of the [[One]]. 

We can build what the [[One]] is building, so that we do not labor in vain.

We can reside in the fortress of the Almighty. 

We can fly with the wings of the [[One]].

We can do the impossible, empowered by the [[Spirit]] that makes All things possible, for those who believe. 

What better partner could we possibly ask for, than the [[One]] who causes all things to work for good for those who walk in the [[Way]]?

What better partner could we hope for, than [[God]]? 

___

Forward to [[14.1 To Know the Way One Must Live It]]  
Back to [[13.37 Something For Everyone To Do]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  
