# 13.6 Completion, Fulfillment, and Shalom

When it is complete, when the [[Meta Game]] has been won and the [[Meta Goal]] accomplished, it brings perfect completion and fulfillment to the Earth. Shalom. The penultimate moment inherent in the prophesies. The ultimate fulfillment of the [[Potential]] that is beyond our ability to ask, imagine, or conceptualize, yet towards which we valiantly strive, and for which we valiantly continue to die.

It is the collective fulfillment of [[Logos]], the highest perfect Divine Will and Intention, through the establishment of a community and a dwelling place suitable for fully enlightened consciousness to dwell in perfect unity, right here [[On Earth As it Is In Heaven]]… All things in harmonious [[Right Relationship]] with [[One Another]] and the [[One]] in Whom they live, and move, and breathe, and have their being.

The [[New World]]. The Divine City. The world to come.

Delivered by the [[Spirit]] of the one who confronts and overcomes the Dragon, and thereby liberates the full [[Potential]] of flourishing [[Life]] and [[Beauty]] it held captive in chains for millennia.

It is not just apprehending and comprehending the intention, it is not just speaking it, but speaking and embodying it in such a way that causes it to actually come into fully articulated being… It is becoming and manifesting the intention in addition to speaking it, in such a way that liberates and empowers all things to become and manifest the fullness of what they were uniquely created to be. 

When all things Understand, Speak and Become, the [[New World]] is already here.

___

Forward to [[13.7 The Serpent in the Garden, Part II]]  
Back to [[13.5 The Call and Embarkation]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  
