# FAQ - This Sounds Like the Dreaded One World Government of the Anti-Christ

In the early stages of development of the Lionsberg System, as we were searching for the right language for a comprehensive new system and approach, we were surprised and taken aback by concerns from several people in the Christian community. Among the most serious were fears that some of the language being used sounded like the "one world government" associated with the antichrist in the book of Revelation. Since our intention is to ensure that Lionsberg is entirely aligned with biblical values and the teachings of Jesus, this led us to extensively research and match up each element of the Lionsberg System against corresponding biblical principles. What follows is a quick overview. If you are looking for an even deeper dive we will soon be publishing a complete biblical defense of the Lionsberg system and approach. 

The idea of a totalitarian and controlling "one world government" and "one world religion" was prophesied in the book of Revelation, and was a particular topic of teaching, fear and concern for Christians in the 80s, 90s, and 2000s. As a result, any comprehensive solution or approach to global issues can evoke fear and suspicion in some people, particularly those who hold strong religious or political beliefs. The basic idea of the "satanic spirit" is one that seeks to rise up and usurp the place of God, and in place of the universal sovereignty and free will offered by God, impose a top-down system of totalitarian domination and control. In the vision of the book of Revelation in the bible, this culminates in satan empowering the antichrist to implement a totalitarian government and religion that controls every aspect of identity, economy and religion, ultimately demanding that humanity worship the antichrist instead of God. 

In stark contrast to this hellish vision, the Lionsberg System aims to empower a decentralized network of individuals and communities to voluntarily work together towards shared goals and values that are entirely consistent with biblical principles and values. Far from being a centralized system that seeks to exert control over all people, resources, and transactions, it aims to push power and authority away from centralizing systems and back to the people. As such, it is the diametric opposite and antidote to any attempted centralizing or totalitarian state. 

The Lionsberg System is based on principles of citizen-led impact and stewardship, guided by values of truth, love, justice, stewardship and wisdom in service of [[ONE]] and [[All]]. It empowers individuals and communities to take control of their own development and to work together to create a more just, sustainable, and prosperous world for all. Lionsberg is aiming towards the type of renewed world prophesied by Isaiah and others, who foretell of the time when the wisdom and knowledge of God will cover the earth like floodwaters, ushering in a new era of harmony, prosperity, and right relationship between the Creator and all creation. 

The Lionsberg System aligns with the wisdom, principles, values and guiding Spirit of people like Jesus, who have encouraged us to seek first the highest overarching and uniting will and intention of God, on earth as it is in heaven. As such, it could not possibly be associated with the opposite spirit and intention of Satan or the antichrist. As Jesus said, when he was accused by casting out demons by the power of the prince of demons, "A house divided against itself cannot stand."

In summary, the Lionsberg System is not a one world government, but a decentralized and empowered network of individuals and communities working together towards a common goal guided by principles of truth, love, justice, stewardship and wisdom in service of One and All. As such, it does not seek to exert control over all people and resources, but rather to empower citizens and communities to take charge of their own development and help one another progress towards their shared goals and values.