# 3.9 Timeless Wisdom, Principles, and Values
As we followed the Golden Threads, we discovered that there was a timeless and universal set of [[Wisdom, Principles, and Values]] and caused people, societies, and living systems to flourish. 

They were well known to all people of [[Goodwill]]. 

Yet despite being universally known, we had struggled mightily to [[Operationalize]] them into our [[Way of Being]] as human species here on planet Earth. 

We began developing a list of [[Concepts And Ideas]] as a kind of Lexicon or Rosetta Stone to help us bridge across linguistic differences. 

This list below is a rough [[Work In Progress]], but it will give you the sense of the Spirit from which the System flows, and its [[Values]] and [[Anti-Values]]. 

We know that [[Wisdom]] is the perfect perspective of the [[One]], [[Principles]] are derived from the [[Logos]] of the Universe, and [[Values]] are contained within and ordered by the [[Meta Value]]. 

These are all domains of the [[Absolute]], which cannot be concretized. 

Yet nevertheless we can begin to articulate and illuminate elements of the Whole, as icons or pointers towards the [[Ultimate Reality]] that lies [[Beyond]]. 

Following is a short start to hold the field. 

## Values 
First, if you have not already read it, read [[3.3 Values]], [[Values]], and [[Core Values]]. 

Together they forge a very strong energetic field holding the space for what we Value and consider Good. 

From these Values we can derive [[Principles]] that we believe will help bring into Reality [[That Which The Community Values]]. 

## Principles of Governance We Believe to be Approximately Wise
### 1. Our System of Governance should harmonize the Human System with the Living System 

### 2. The Logos of the System should progressively conform itself to the Logos of the Universe 

### 3. Our System of Governance should organically complexify itself from the bottom up, according to the guiding Logos of the System. 

### 4. Everything is a System 

### 5. Every System is Interdependent and Interexistent 

### 6. Right Relationship in an Interexistent Whole is Love

### 7. Systems Should Help and Not Harm The Systems They Contain, the Systems That Contain Them, and the Systems They Interact With

### 8. Every System Should Be Respected As Sovereign and Autonomous  

### 9. Sovereign and Autonomous Systems with Conscious Agency Should Voluntarily Collaborate in Service of The Goal, for the Good of the Whole 

### 10. Sovereigns May Not Violate the Free Will of Other Sovereigns in their Domain of Authority 

### 11. Domains of Authority Should Be Determined on the Basis of Voluntary Consent 

### 12.  The Basic Unit of Sovereignty and Conscious Agency is the Individual 

### 13. Individuals Should Forge or Join Circles 

### 14. Circles Should Organize and Federate 
By forming Sub-Circles, Super-Circles, and Collaboratory Circles  

### 15. Immediately Related Circles Should Be Double Linked 
Doubling linking creates connection, energy and information flow, and equilibrium / balance in the System. 

### 16. The Total Nested Set of Circles Should be Unified by One Thing, at the Absolute / Highest Level of Abstraction 

### 17. The One Thing Should Not Be Concretized 


### 18. Decisions Should Be Make Through a Process of Discernment and Consent in Each Circle 

### 19. Decisions Should Be Transparently Communicated Up and Down the Linked Network of Circles 

### 20. The Total Network Should Align Its Energy and Resources To Produce Throughput of The Goal Via a Network of Commitments 

### 21. All Systems Including the Whole Should Use Feedback Loops to Learn and Get a Little Better Every Day - Continuous Elevation Towards The Goal 


