# 4.1 Problems and Needs
Sovereigns find themselves thrown into a [[Time]] and [[Space]] in the Universe, and immediately find themselves faced with an inherent set of Problems and Needs. 

These Problems and Needs constitute a basic [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Issues]]. 

The [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Issues]] is is composed of [[General Issues]] that are common to [[All]]. 

If, for instance, one does not have a current issue with food, water, shelter, energy, clothing, or community, it is not because the Issue does not exist, but rather that the Need is somehow being met. 

Our [[Problems and Needs]], often made manifest to us through [[Pain]], are like a stick or goad that drives us away from the Pain and Suffering, towards a Higher and Better Place. 

From our own direct experience, a basic set of [[Universal Problems and Needs]] can be derived. 

## Universal Problems and Needs
This is not an Absolute list, but the general themes are obvious. If we loved someone, we would want to address the inherent issues of: 

1. Poverty  
2. Hunger  
3. Thirst 
4. Filth  
5. Pollution  
7. Violence  
8. Corruption  
9. Injustice  
10. Oppression  
11. Inequality  
12. Sickness  
13. Want  
14. Ignorance  
15. Fear
16. Disempowerment  
17. Meaningless or Demeaning Work  
18. Unsustainability  
19. Irresponsible Production and Consumption  
20. Addiction  
21. Actions that Harm or Degenerate Life in the Water, on Land, or in the Air  
22. Lack of accountability, transparency, and truth  
23. Weak / corrupt institutions  
24. Lack of coherence, cooperation, and continuity 
25. Lack of Spiritual Realization 

(List above is copied from [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Issues]]). 

## Away From Suffering and Dysfunction
Basic human nature impels us to move away from unnecessary suffering and dysfunction, and towards something [[Better]]. 

The basis Spirit of [[Love]] impels us to help [[All]] others do the same. 

___

Forward to [[4.2 Goals and Aspirations]]  
Back to [[4.0 Sovereignty, Autonomy, and Authority]]  
Back to Table of Contents [[Governance Guide]]