# 4.2 Goals and Aspirations
From the depths of our suffering, we can always lift our eyes up to the mountain tops, and aspire towards something [[Better]]. 

These Goals and Aspirations constitute a basic [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals]].

A close approximation can be found in articulations like the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals that were ratified by 193 member nations, and represent broad human consensus. 

While these are elevated up to the global level at a higher level of abstraction, it is obvious that humanity is longing for a [[Better World]] in which we are liberated from unnecessary suffering, and have the opportunity to develop into our potential and flourish. 

They are basic things a heart of Love would desire for the one it Loves, and include articulations like: 

1. No Poverty  
2. Zero Hunger  
3. Health and Wellbeing  
4. Quality Education  
5. Equality  
6. Clean Water and Sanitation  
7. Affordable and Accessible Clean Energy  
8. Meaningful Work and Economic Growth 
9. Industry, Innovation, and Infrastructure  
10. Reduced Inequalities  
11. Sustainable Cities and Communities  
12. Responsible Consumption and Production  
13. Climate Action  
14. Flourishing Life Below Water  
15. Flourishing Life on Land  
16. Peace, Justice and Strong Institutions  
17. Partnerships For The Goals  

We could add to these Goals a few more obvious ones precluded by political process, such as: 

18. Elimination of Corruption, Injustice, and Oppression   
19. Accountability and Transparency  
20. Elimination of Toxins and Pollution of Air, Water, and Land  
