# 5.3 Universal Responsibilities 
While in times of oppression, injustice, and tragedy we have been able to forge aspirational declarations of the Rights we would like to enjoy, to date we have failed to forge the sense of Universal Responsibility that would be a prerequisite to designing and building the kind of Society in which All could enjoy the Universal Rights we aspire to. 

From a Natural or biological standpoint, there is no "them" "out there" who has the responsibility of somehow guaranteeing the Rights we would like to have. 

There is only us. Right here. In community. Who either will or will not take responsibility for forging out of our present chaos the type of new order in which generations to come will have the opportunity to flourish. 

And we have a powerful start in terms of the science, technology, infrastructure, civilizations, and freedoms that have been won at such great cost to so many. 

## Individual and Local Responsibility
It is the responsibility of each Individual and Locality to organize and integrate themselves, and climb towards the fullness of their unique potential, in a Way that helps all other Individuals and Localities do the same.  

## Universal Responsibility
It is the responsibility of the Whole to [[Co-Operate]] to develop the infrastructure, ladders, and conditions that enable each Individual and Locality to climb. 

However this Whole is an abstraction. It is not of itself an actual thing. It is composed of us, the Individuals and Localities. 

There is no Whole for us as Individuals and Localities to delegate this responsibility to. There is no "them" "out there" coming to save us. We are already here. As it has been said, we are the ones we have been waiting for. 

The [[Lionsberg System]] is therefore rooted not only in the Universal Rights we aspire to, but also in the Universal Responsibilities that [[All]] would need to manifest in partnership with [[One]] in order to [[Realize]] that [[Potential]]. 

This brings us back to the Universal "Rules of the Game". 

## Restraining Laws, vs. Impelling Responsibilities 
While we can and should articulate Laws, Laws often deal with the restraint or prohibition of anti-social behaviors. 

However the manifestation of a truly Just and Good Society cannot be achieved merely by not doing the wrong thing. As such, laws are merely the faintest restraints on the worst parts of our human nature. 

The best parts of our human nature cannot be compelled by the law. They can only be impelled by Love, which calls us up to take Responsibility for elevating and transforming our lives and our world towards the [[Ideal]]. 

## A Basic Universal Bill of Responsibilities 
So what kind of a Universal Bill of Responsibilities might be Co-Create, that if [[Enact|Enacted]] / [[Embodied]] by [[All]], would cause the kind of Society we All long for to manifest? 

Key elements might be articulated as (Something Like): 

1. Everyone has a fundamental responsibility to [[One]] and [[All]]. 
2. Everyone has the responsibility to do their best to elevate and transform their lives, their communities, and their world towards their best and highest potential. 
3. Everyone has the responsibility to do their best to treat Everyone in a Loving, Just, and Humane Way. 
4. Everyone has the responsibility to do their best to help and to not harm Everyone and All. 
5. Everyone has the responsibility to remove their energy, resources, and support from anything that harms and does not help All. 
6. Everyone has the responsibility to participate and promote the Good, and resist the Evil, in a spirit of Love for All.  
7. Everyone has the responsibility to abide by and conform All things to the Universal Law of Love. 
8.  Everyone has the responsibility to Non-Violence in thought, speech, and action. 
9.  Everyone has the responsibility to resolve disputes in a wise way without violence. 
10. Everyone has the responsibility to Love and Protect Everyone and All, including the Air, Water, Land, Plants, Animals, Ecosystems, and All those who cannot protect themselves. 
11. Everyone has the responsibility to think, speak, and act in a Truthful, Wise, Loving, and Just Way for the Good of All. 
12. Everyone has the responsibility to do their best to leave their communities and their world better than they found them. 
13. Everyone has the responsibility to do their best to strive together to make local progress towards our highest overarching and uniting global goals. 
14. Everyone has the responsibility to use their unique skills, gifts, and talents in co-operation with others for the Good of All. 
15. Everyone has the responsibility to progress towards their Goals and Potential, by helping All do the same. 
16. Everyone has the responsibility to ensure that All those around them have the tools, resources, and knowledge necessary to progress. 
17. Everyone has the responsibility to exercise whatever measure of Power, Resources and Authority are entrusted to them for the multi-generational Good of All, and not in a spirit of self-interest or exploitation. 
18. Everyone has the responsibility to promote transparency and accountability. 
19. Everyone has the responsibility to interexist in solidarity with All. 
20. Everyone has the responsibility to avoid and remove energy from deceitful, divisive, speculative, or sensational information flows that destroy the fabric of Society. 
21. Everyone has the responsibility to navigate towards Truth with humility as a Society, and to abstain from conflict and wars between irreconcilable and dogmatic religions or ideologies. 
22. Everyone has the responsibility to Love, Protect, and Serve One Another, and to never harm, exploit, or abuse One Another. 
23. Everyone has the responsibility to avoid Consuming anything whose production, harvesting, or energy harms them or others. 
24. Everyone has the responsibility to do their best to cultivate, rather than exploit or extract, the energy and resources necessary to progress. 
25. Everyone has the responsibility to do their best to harmonize their being and doing with the Fundamental Tone of One and All. 
26. Everyone has the responsibility to take on as much responsibility as they can bear in service of One and All. 
27. Every Group, Tribe, and Nations shares the same Responsibilities and is under the same Universal Law as every Individual. 

## The Simple Universal Responsibility
At the fundamental level, if everyone took responsibility for doing their best to progress towards the fullness of their individual and local potential, by helping All other individuals and localities do the same, the world would spiral up and flourish. 