# 6.0 Components of The Lionsberg Governance System
Recall that the entire [[Lionsberg System]] is constructed as an interoperable [[Kit of Parts]] contained in a [[Prototype]], that can be localized and [[Instantiation|Instantiated]] in any time or place. 

The entire [[System]], like any System, is designed as a unified Whole designed to produce [[Throughput]] of its [[Meta Goal|Goal]]. 

The Lionsberg System of Governance is inherently designed to interoperate with the Lionsberg System of Economy, the Lionsberg System of Community, the Lionsberg Integrated Delivery System, the Lionsberg Integrated Development System, the Lionsberg Structure, and other core elements of the System. 

The core elements of the System of Governance are as follows: 

1. [[6.1 Vision, Intention, and Goal|Vision / Intention / Goal]] 
2. [[6.2 Values|Values]]   
3. [[6.3 Constitution|Constitution]]  
4. [[6.4 Transparency and Accountability|Transparency and Accountability]]    
5. [[6.5 Participatory Governance|Participatory Governance]]    
6. [[6.6 Individuals|Individuals]]   
7. [[6.7 Circles|Circles]]  
8. [[6.8 Organizations|Organizations]]   
9. [[6.9 Communities|Communities]]  
10. [[6.10 Structure|Structure]]   
11. [[6.11 Integrated Delivery|Integrated Delivery]]    
12. [[6.12 Functional Accountability|Functional Accountability]]   
13. Servant Leadership  
14. Entrepreneurs and Intrapreneurs 
15. Wise Guidance 
16. Levels of Abstraction  
17. Offers and Needs
18. Leadership 
19. Infrastructure, Services, and Support  
20. Reconciliation  

Resource Flow 
Information Flow (Data Structure to Facilitate) 
