# 6.1 Vision, Intention, and Goal
## Alignment

The highest overarching and uniting Vision, Intention, and Goal is what integrates and aligns the System, and keeps all elements moving in the right direction. 

Each Individual, Circle, Organization, and Community must be headed in the same overarching and uniting direction, towards the same overarching and uniting Goal. 

If we are not headed in the same direction, we will not be able to [[Help One Another]] along the path to get there. 

_Two cannot walk together unless they are aligned._

Therefore, all elements of the System must be integrated and aligned to the overarching and uniting [[Meta Intention]] and [[Meta Goal]]. 

## The Meta Intention & Goal
The [[Meta Intention]] is (something like) Unconditional [[Love]]. 

The [[Meta Goal]] is (something like) _the total integrated wellbeing, development, and right relationship of all generations of life and consciousness. 

We say (something like) because nothing at the Meta level of analysis can be concretized. We can express it or point to it in many ways, but must always relate to it as something that is fundamentally beyond our grasp.

The [[Meta Goal]] is the entire [[Purpose]] of the System, and never changes, because it reflects the [[Highest Intention and Greatest Good]] for All, which is [[Absolute]].

Over Time, we can find new ways of _articulating_ it that conform ever more closely to the Absolute.

This is critical in that it forces the entire System to _progressively conform itself over Time_ to the Ideal.

## Vision

A more articulated Vision of what that might look like is outlined in [[Best Possible Future]]. 

## Stacking Up and Aligning Vision, Intention, and Goal

Each Individual, Circle, Organization, and Community in the System should to articulate their own unique vision, intention and goal in alignment in the Meta Goal. 

It is the stacking up and aligning of many unique visions and goals, in service of the Meta Goal, that causes the Whole to function as one body. 


[[Template For Vision, Intention, and Goal]]  