# 6.19 Provisional Legal and Governance Structure
As a [[Starting Point]] towards a legal infrastructure that will continue to complexify as required, the association has developed a hybrid [[Provisional Structure]] as a legal commons that includes a 501(c)(3) and a solely owned Holding Company. 

Additionally, it contains the provisions for distinct legal entities to operate in areas where non-profits are prohibited from operating by current US law. 

All governance aspects of the various entities will be handled distinctly and as separate functions where required to maintain compliance with state and federal law. 

The [[Provisional Structure]] page contains deeper descriptions of the various levels of structure (or intentional lack thereof). 

This starts with the Meta Idea, and moves to an international voluntary association around shared Vision / Intention / Goals / Values. This Idea and voluntary association exists independently of any legal structure. 

## Lionsberg Inc. (US 501(c)(3) non-profit) 

The starting point of multi-generational legal stewardship for the good of All is being accomplished through a non-profit, tax-emept 501(c)(3) publicly supported charity called Lionsberg Inc. 

The Non-Profit is the sole shareholder of Lionsberg Holdings Corporation, which is a C Corporation established as a hard tax-paying holding company for the initial for-profit activities of the System and Community. 

The Non-Profit: 

- Owns the for-profit equity and Value created through the Lionsberg System as a vested endowment. 
- Preserves the foundational Values of the System 
- Extends those values through all related entities and projects 
- Partners with the global community in its mission to design and build a better world by elevating, equipping, and empowering one another to realize our best and highest potential.  
- Provides opportunities for resourcing and service in support of the Lionsberg Mission by: 
	- Channeling resources to fiscally sponsored organizations engaged in projects that support the Lionsberg Mission  
	- Developing internal projects that advance the Mission 
	- Overseeing a System of shared services and technology in support of individuals, organizations, and communities engaged in projects that advance the Mission. 

## Lionsberg Holdings Corporation (C Corporation)

The Lionsberg Holdings Corporation:

- Provides the tax-consolidated aggregation of for-profit entities within the System  
- Supports the Lionsberg Mission by extending the foundational System and Values throughout the culture and operations of all subsidiaries, affiliates, and partially owned joint ventures  
- Will be self-governed by a distinct board that fully supports the Lionsberg Mission and Values within the for-profit environment   
- Provides long term economic support and sustainability for the Lionsberg Mission and employment, services, and benefits for the entire ecosystem of individuals, teams, organizations, and communities  

## Wisdom Council 
As a provisional step towards transparency, accountability, and good governance as the System organically grows, a Wisdom Council is being established. 

The Wisdom Council is composed of 7 to 12 wise advisors. 

Wisdom Council members do not have the obligations of liabilities of official board members, trustees, or directors.

### Function 

The Wisdom Council will hold the space until the Lionsberg General Assembly is formed and functional by: 

- Providing consultative wisdom to the leaders of the various Core Circles  
- Approving candidates for Core Circles 
- Overseeing the System for nominating members to the Lionsberg General Assembly 

### Selection 
- Wisdom Council members will initially be chosen by the Founding Leader. 
- In order to stagger terms, initially 4 members will be assigned to 2 year terms, 4 members to 3 year terms, and 4 members to 4 year terms, after which all terms will be for a period of 3 years.  
- Each Wisdom Council member must meet the [[Qualification Requirements For Core Circles]]. 
- Wisdom Council members can serve multiple terms, but must be re-affirmed at each new term. 
- After the first terms, Wisdom Council members will be selected as follows: 
	- 3 by all Lionsberg Community members 
	- 3 by all chief executive leaders of all system entities 
	- 3 by x
	- 3 by y 

### Sub-Councils 
The Wisdom Council may on its own initiative elect sub-councils and select consultants to assist it in specified, delegated research projects that it deems will be beneficial to the Lionsberg community and the function of the Wisdom Council. 

It may apply to Lionsberg Inc. for grants for such research or outside consultants.


## Founder-Leader
### Function 

As the System and each of its federated entities emerge, converge and co-create the ecosystem, each Founder-Leader will retain special responsibility and authority over the pattern integrity and governance of the element they Founded. 

### Transparency and Accountability - Wisdom Council

During this phase, each Founder-Leader will have the right and responsibility to govern their emergent initiative transparently and accountably under the oversight of a Wisdom Council selected by that Founder-Leader. 

The Wisdom Council shall report to the Community / Federation no less than quarterly on the status and progress of the emergent enterprise. 

### Duration

Depending on the complexity of the initiative, this special category and governance role is anticipated to last for the first 2 to 5 years of an initiative's lifecycle. 

This phase ends when the Founder-Leader, Core Team, and Wisdom Council are able to pass a Proposal activating the autonomous Self-Governance of the emergent entity in accordance with the Lionsberg Constitution and the [[Minimum Standards of Interoperability]] set forth by the System and the Holding Entity.  

The Holding Entity has the right and obligation to send a Proposal back for improvement if it violates the Constitution or Standards of Interoperability, or if the Holding Entity reasonably believes it will harm the entity or system's ability to accomplish its Aim. This follows the same consent-based [[Decision Making Process]]. 

### Recourse 
During the Founder-Leader period, and except for removal of a leader for cause, in the event of a conflict concerning the leadership of the Founder-Leader, at the request of the local [[Core Team]] the Holding Entity may install a co-manager to assist in local governance and team building. 

## Founder-Leader Phase at the Federal Level 
Through the Founder-Leader phase at the federal level, [[Jordan Nicholas Sukut]] is holding space for the emergence and pattern integrity of the Whole. 

Like all other Founder-Leaders, Jordan will be held to the same transparency and accountability requirements to a Wisdom Board, while the System / Federation / Community advances towards fully legally-activated Self-Governance. 

Early advisors have discerned that it would be foolish to establish a legal board during the Founder-Leader period, and that a Wisdom Board should be established instead to "Act Out" the new governance paradigm as Self-Governance emerges across the Federation and members get nominated to the Domain Assemblies and Lionsberg General Assembly, which in turn will elect the Lionsberg Executive Council. 

The tentative target is to have a full-functioning Lionsberg General Assembly that appoints a Lionsberg Executive Council by September 2024. 

In the meantime, Jordan will serve as interim Founder-Leader with full transparency and accountability requirements to One and All for the Pattern Integrity of the Source Idea, with a Wisdom Board to oversee the implementation of the Governance roadmap and System Wide Master Plan. 

Jordan is also serving as the Board member of the [[Provisional Structure]] until such a time as the Lionsberg General Assembly can appoint a sub-committee to govern the entity. 






