# 4.0 Sovereignty, Autonomy, and Authority
The [[Lionsberg System]] starts by dispensing with the abstractions, categories, and power structures of the [[Old World]], and recognizing the inherent worth, dignity, and sovereignty of each Individual. 

[[Sovereignty]] does not begin with a Ruler, a Nation State, or a Corporation.  

The locus of [[Sovereignty]] and inherent Divine worth lies inalienably with the [[Individual]]. 

[[Authority]] in the [[Lionsberg System]] starts not at the "top" of any pyramid, abstraction, or domain, but with the [[Source]] of Life and Consciousness. 

From [[One]] [[Source]], [[Authority]] flows directly to each [[Individual]].  

Individuals are regarded as: 

1. Sovereign 
2. Autonomous 
3. Free 
4. Conscious Agents 

[[Sovereignty]] refers to the ultimate power or authority to [[Governance|Govern]] one's Self. 

[[Autonomy]] refers to the capacity of an Agent to in accordance with the dictates of their own self-government. 

[[Freedom]] refers to the right of an Agent to exist, think, speak and act without external hinderance or restraint. 

[[Conscious Agent|Conscious Agency]] refers to the capacity to act with awareness and intelligence to produce a desired effect.  

[[Authority]] refers to the right to exercise power within a [[Domain]]. 

As Individuals [[Organize and Federate]] to accomplish things together that they cannot accomplish in isolation, [[Sovereignty]] and [[Autonomy]] are retained _at each [[Fractal]] level._  

In other words, a Circle / Team of 7 Sovereign and Autonomous Individuals is _itself_ Sovereign and Autonomous. 

Likewise, a Community of hundreds or thousands of voluntarily Co-Operating Individuals and Circles is also itself Sovereign and Autonomous. 

_At no point in the System does the flow of Sovereignty or Authority reverse._  

Sovereignty and Autonomy exist in the System with recognition of the [[Rights And Responsibilities]] arising from the interexistence and interdependence of all Systems. 

___

Forward to [[4.1 Problems and Needs]]  
Back to [[3.8 How Now Shall We Govern Our Selves?]]  
Back to Table of Contents [[Lionsberg Governance Guide]]