# 6.0 Components of The Lionsberg Governance System
Recall that the entire [[Lionsberg System]] is constructed as an interoperable [[Kit of Parts]] contained in a [[Prototype]], that can be localized and [[Instantiation|Instantiated]] in any time or place. 

The entire [[System]], like any System, is designed as a unified Whole designed to produce [[Throughput]] of its [[Meta Goal|Goal]]. 

The Lionsberg System of Governance is inherently designed to interoperate with the Lionsberg System of Economy, the Lionsberg System of Community, the Lionsberg Integrated Delivery System, the Lionsberg Integrated Development System, the Lionsberg Structure, and other core elements of the System. 

Core elements of the System of Governance include: 

1. [[6.1 Vision, Intention, and Goal|Vision / Intention / Goal]] 
2. [[6.2 Values|Values]]   
3. [[6.3 Constitution|Constitution]]  
4. [[6.4 Transparency and Accountability|Transparency and Accountability]]    
5. [[6.5 Participatory Governance|Participatory Governance]]    
6. [[6.6 Individuals|Individuals]]   
7. [[6.7 Circles|Circles]]  
8. [[6.8 Organizations|Organizations]]   
9. [[6.9 Communities|Communities]]  
10. [[6.10 Roles|Roles]]   
11. [[6.11 Meetings|Meetings]]   
12. [[6.12 Structure|Structure]]    
13. [[6.13 Integrated Delivery|Integrated Delivery]]     
14. [[6.14 Functional Accountability|Functional Accountability]]   
15. [[6.15 Levels of Abstraction|Levels of Abstraction]]    
16. [[6.16 Federal Governance of the Whole|Federal Governance of the Whole]]   
17. [[6.17 Executive Branch|Executive Branch]]   
18. [[6.18 Servant Leadership|Servant Leadership]]    
19. Provisional Legal Structure(s)         
20. 
21. Wise Guidance 
22. Offers and Needs
23. Leadership 
24. Infrastructure, Services, and Support  
25. Retrospective 
26. Reconciliation  
27. Co-Creation of the System of Governance 

Resource Flow 
Information Flow (Data Structure to Facilitate) 

___

Forward to [[6.1 Vision, Intention, and Goal]]  
Back to [[5.4 Acting As If]]  
Back to Table of Contents [[Lionsberg Governance Guide]]