# 6.16 Federal Governance of the Whole
As frightening as it is to grapple with, we must make conscious decisions of how we govern our Selves, all the way up to how we must govern our Selves at the highest level of abstraction - as a Whole. 

While it is frightening to think of the highest overarching and uniting levels of governance, we should be far more afraid of leaving it to chance or "default" by not making a conscious decision.   

A decision to not consciously decide how we will govern the Whole is a decision to accept either randomness, or someone else's default position. 

## The Power of the Republic
The most critical issue, as soon as you exit isolation and embark towards right relationship in higher order functional unity, is how to protect the Individual and the Local from the "Power of the Republic". 

[[Power]] is the rate of doing work, or the amount of energy transferred per unit of time. 

As we advance towards Oneness, what we can do in a given period of time becomes dramatically higher. 

The proper gathering and deploying of this power, "in service of" All, rather than "in power over" any, is the key. 

## Rule of Law
All members of the Federation, without exception, are subject to the universal [[Rule of Law]]. 

Lionsberg is itself Sovereign, arising from the Sovereignty and voluntary assembly of each of its members. As such its highest loyalty to the One Universal Law.  

Each member of the Federation also commits to do their best to abide by applicable local and national laws in the domains they operate within, provided that those laws are not in conflict with the Universal Rule of Law.  

## Separation of Power 
One way power is held in check is by separating it into different branches or functions. 

From Mondragon, the United States, Switzerland, and other examples of relatively functional experiments in self-governance, we have learned the importance of separating legislative, executive, and judiciary functions. 

The Lionsberg System follows this general pattern. 

### Legislative: The Lionsberg General Assembly 
At the highest level of abstraction, with strict focus on the wellbeing and development of the Whole, is the Lionsberg [[General Assembly]]. 

The Lionsberg General Assembly is composed of wise representatives nominated to the General Assembly by the members of the [[Domain Assemblies]]. 

The members of the [[Domain Assemblies]] are in turn composed of wise representatives nominated by the members of their respective [[Organizations]] and [[Communities]]. 

The Assemblies / circles at each fractal level of organization and federation represent the legislative power. 

### Executive: The Lionsberg Executive Council 
The General Assembly shall appoint an Executive Council of 7 to 12 members. 

The General Assembly shall appoint one of these leaders as Chief Executive of the [[Core Enterprise]]. 

The Lionsberg Executive Council acts in the capacity of a [[Wisdom Council]] for the [[Core Enterprise]]. 

The Chief Executive of the Core Enterprise is responsible for forging a [[Core Team]] capable of successfully leading execution of the Lionsberg [[System Wide Master Plan]]. 

The Chief Executive shall submit proposed members of the [[Core Team]] to the [[General Council]] for review and approval. 

The [[Core Team]] and [[Core Enterprise]], under the supervision of the Executive Council, are responsible for all executive and coordinative functions at the federal level required to support and empower the federation to accomplish the milestones identified in the [[System Wide Master Plan]]. 

### Judicial: The Lionsberg Judicial Council 
The General Assembly shall appoint a Judicial Council of 7 to 12 wise elders. 

The General Assembly shall appoint one of these wise elders as Chief Justice. 

The role of the Judicial Council is to serve as guardian and interpreter of the Constitution, and upholder of the Universal Rule of Law. 

## Functional Circles 
Beyond the three general branches of governance listen above lie an array of functional circles that hold the entire System within the [[Range of Tolerance]] for each Function. 

These Functional Circles are responsible for regulating, empowering, and balancing the various functions of the Whole within their specified [[Range of Tolerance]]. 

These Functional Circles Include: 

- Governance Model Circle  
- Economic Model Circle  
- Culture and Society Circle 
- Power and Ethics Circle  
- Individual Development Circle  
- Organizational Development Circle  
- Community Development Circle  
- System Wide Development Circle  
- System Wide Master Planning Circle
- Resourcing and Capitals Circle  
- Relationships and Networking Circle  
- Communication and Coordination Circle   
- Brand and Marketing Circle  
- Efficiency and Effectivity Circle  
- Legal and Compliance Circle   
- Policy and Politics Circle  
- Governments and Justice Circle  
- Independent Monitoring Body Circle  
- Mergers and Acquisitions Circle  
- Dynamic Knowledge Circle  
- Wisdom Circle  
- Continuous Improvement Circle 
- Crisis Prevention and Management Circle  
- Evaluation and Certification Circle  
- Land and Resource Stewardship Circle  
- Etc. 

The intent is for the System to organically emerge and complexify from seed state towards its full [[Potential]]. 

## Core, Official, and Ancillary Circles 
Circles should be subdivided and progressively developed as appropriate from ancillary, to official, to core. 

### Core Circles 
Core Circles are critical for the proper functionality and accountability of the Whole. 

### Official Circles 
Official Circles are those circles that have developed to an appropriate level of maturity and been officially recognized by the General Assembly as an integral part of the governance and functioning of the Whole. 

### Ancillary Circles 
Ancillary circles are circles that operate on the fringes of the network, without official recognition or role in the governance and functioning of the Whole.

### Starting and Integrating Circles 
Any member of the System can create a Circle by [[Organize and Federate|Organizing and Federating]].

Once created, circles can be moved from Ancillary to Official, and from Official to Core, by the Evaluation and Certification Circle, with approval from the General Assembly. 

Official and Core Circles must have their domains of authority, responsibility, and information and energy flows clearly articulated for accountability and transparency. 

### Accountability and Transparency
Anyone in the System can request and receive information about the functioning of the circles. 

Note: Like all aspects of the System, governance is a [[Work In Progress]]. The circles and functions described above will be organically "grown into" as the System matures and co-creates itself. 


___

Forward to [[6.17 Executive Branch]]  
Back to [[6.15 Levels of Abstraction]]  
Back to Table of Contents [[Lionsberg Governance Guide]]