# 5.10 Experiencing the Greatest Possible Purpose and Meaning

We Return to the [[ONE]]. 
 
We [[At-One]]. 
 
We re-integrate ourselves into that which we separated ourselves from. 
 
We rediscover the beauty of what [[Community]] is intended to be. 
 
We move, together, as one, with [[ONE]], towards the [[Most Worthy Goal]]. 
 
We are surrounded. We are permeated. We are held up. We are supported. We are loved. We are encouraged. We are liberated to do what is most uniquely ours to do in service of the [[Most Worthy Goal]]. 
 
We take up the greatest responsibility we can bear, and we advance towards the [[Meta Goal]] with all our strength, with all our might, with all our being, with all our heart, with all our spirit, with all our [[Love]]. 
 
We experience not only our individual progress, but the aggregate and universal progress of the entire [[Meta Community]] of [[Life]] that is moving together and advancing in service of [[Life]] and [[Love]], [[ONE]] and [[All]].  
 
We are rightly related to [[ONE]] and [[All]].  

We are rightly related to [[Life]] and its [[Source]].  
 
We are maximally confident that the future will be better in every way than the past we are leaving behind, because we experience ourselves measurably striving to cause it to be so, and succeeding. 

It is not happening to us. We are the [[Conscious Agents]] [[Co-Creating]] it. 
 
We know that our children and grandchildren will be secure and have the opportunity to develop into the fullness of their [[Potential]] and flourish, not because of what we have accumulated and stored up, but because what we have given to forge the type of society and world in which [[All]] [[Life]] helps [[One Another]] flourish.
 
There is only the faintest meaning and most temporary security in a pile of treasure that can be lost, stolen, or decay. 

And it always is lost, stolen, or decays. 

_Lay up your treasure in [[Heaven]],_ and bring [[Heaven]] to [[Earth]]!
 
Properly engaged the Most Worthy Quest towards the [[Most Worthy Goal]] for the benefit of [[All]], every spiritual, intellectual, physical, and natural element is rightly related, aligned, and optimized to produce true measurable throughput of the [[Meta Goal]].
 
This inherently brings with it individual and collective optimization for the greatest [[Purpose]], [[Meaning]], and [[Abundance]] we could possibly experience.  
 
There is no other [[Way]], but to experience the greatest possible [[Meaning]] of [[All]] for [[ONE]] and [[ONE]] for [[All]]. 

___

Forward to [[5.11 Who Is The One We Must Learn Love?]]      
Back to [[5.9 Acting As If We Are Individually And Solely Responsible]]      
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
