# 5.12 The True Self

The [[True Self]] is integrated. 

The [[True Self]] is one. 

The [[True Self]] is [[Love]]. 

The [[True Self]] is eternally transforming and becoming. 

The [[True Self]] recognizes that [[Death]] is an illusion. 

The [[True Self]] recognizes that that [[Time]] and [[Space]] are illusions. 

The [[True Self]] recognizes that the [[False Self]] is an illusion. 

The [[True Self]] Loves, Serves, and Helps others, for it understands that we are [[All]] one. 

The [[True Self]] recognizes that what it does or does not do to others, it does or does not do to its [[Self]]. 

The [[True Self]] recognizes that what it does or does not do to others, it does or does not do unto the [[ONE]]. 

The [[True Self]] does not [[Fear]]. 

The [[True Self]] is moving with [[All]] [[Creation]] towards [[Oneness]] through [[Love]] 

The [[True Self]] is helping [[All]] [[Creation]] do the same. 

The [[True Self]] is [[Becoming]] one with the [[ONE]] in whom we live and move and breathe and have our [[Being]]. 

The [[True Self]] is [[Becoming]] one, even as We Are one. 

The [[True Self]] recognizes that every dimension of [[Reality]] is created by, sustained by, and permeated by [[ONE]]. 

The [[True Self]] sheds the [[Physical]] that weighs it down, and accumulates and stores up the [[Metaphysical]] that lifts it up. 

The [[True Self]] recognizes that it must break free and [[Become]] what it was uniquely created to be by helping [[All]] others break free and [[Become]] what they were uniquely created to be. 

The [[True Self]] spirals upwards towards [[The Goal]], and lifts up [[All]] [[Creation]] with it.

The [[True Self]] lays down its own life, to save the life of its friends. 

The [[True Self]] Loves [[All]], even its enemies.

The [[True Self]] fears only [[ONE]]. 

___

Forward to [[5.13 The False Self]]      
Back to [[5.11 Who Is The One We Must Learn Love?]]      
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
