# 5.14 Human Being, Doing and Becoming

 What is the purpose of [[Doing]]? Why do we do? Why do we work? Why do we serve?

[[Why]] are we doing what we are doing? 

What we are doing flows from [[Who We Are]], [[Where We Are]], [[Where We Are Going]], and [[Why]]. 
 
The purpose of [[Doing]] is to [[Love]], to discover, and to [[Become]] who we are uniquely created to [[Become]] by helping [[All]] others do the same.
 
The sacred partnership through which we are co-creating a [[New World]] is a process of [[Becoming]].

The [[Old World]] is manifesting itself as a result of our [[Way of Being]]. 

Our [[Way of Being]] is flowing from [[Who We Are]]. 

[[Who We Are]] today is not compatible with the [[New World]]. 

When we [[Become]] who we are intended to [[Become]], the [[New World]] is already here. 

The [[New World]] is a logical and inescapable [[Reality]] flowing from the [[Metaphysical DNA]] of [[Who We Are Becoming]]. 

It is the inevitable manifestation that is one with [[Who We Are Becoming]]. 

It is what is inevitably co-created by [[Who We Are Becoming]]. 

It is the end result of the [[Logos]].  

It is the [[Intention]] of [[ONE]]. 

The fundamental transformation of our lives and our world FROM their current reality TO the better and higher reality [[ONE]] Intends is not something we can “implement” or “do”. It cannot be “done” from the top down or outside in. 

It can only flow from, through, and to [[Who We Are Becoming]].  
 
We must arise, become, and transform from the inside out and from the bottom up. 

We must [[All]], individually and collectively, [[Become]] the kinds of Beings and the kind of Community for whom the [[New Life]] and [[New World]] we are co-creating are the inevitable and incontrovertible reality emanating from the fullness and integrity of Who we have truly [[Become]].

___

Forward to [[5.15 Transformation and Emergence]]      
Back to [[5.13 The False Self]]      
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  

