# 5.2 Higher Purpose and Meaning

There is something far more profound than discovering a glimpse of individual [[Purpose]] and [[Meaning]]. For as soon as we discover that first Truthful glimpse of the Answer, we know that we are here to do and [[Become]] far more than we could ever do or become in isolation.   
 
We struggle to build something as simple as a dwelling for ourselves and our family in isolation. 
 
Much less the properly ordered paradise in which [[All]] [[Life]] could develop towards the fullness of its [[Potential]] and flourish in harmony with [[One]] and [[One Another]].  
  
If we do not share a common understanding of our [[Purpose]], our [[Intention]], and our [[Goal]], what it is that we are here standing side by side on [[Worksite Earth]] to build, we cannot work together. We cannot walk side by side if we are not aligned and heading in the same direction. We cannot labor on the same project if we do not agree on what it is that we are working towards. We will soon devolve into argument if our [[Plans and Specifications]] do not align.
 
All of this [[Understanding]] of what it is that we are here to accomplish, Why it matters, and our unique role within the [[Whole]] belongs to the realm of the [[Metaphysical]].  
 
The [[Physical]] can point out the discrete elements, it can shine a spotlight on specific experiences in the darkness, but it is the realm of the [[Mind]], the realm of the metaphysical, to creatively connect the dots and pull back the veil to discover the great omni-directional and inter-operative relationships that we must work in Harmony with to Progress towards the universal Goal.  
 
As we test the [[Potential Solutions]] for [[Fit]] against the [[Environment]] and [[Conditions Of Acceptance]] they must satisfy, we begin to continuously improve and iterate our design through subsequent generations. 
 
What ends up emerging is like a [[Code]], a script, or a [[Pattern Language]] that constitutes a [[Way Of Being]] in world, which makes it most likely for us, individually and collectively, to succeed, and avoid failure, as we strive together towards our [[Destiny]].   
 
Vision | Intention | Goal | Understanding | Wisdom | Way of Being | Right Action | Learning and Improving. 
 
These begin to form a set of shared [[Metaphysical DNA]] that must be properly sequenced and replicated so that every human being, as a cell in the global body of all human beings, can express and replicate itself faithfully in Harmony with its own unique Purpose, in the greater context of the Purpose and [[Logos]] of the [[Whole]]. 
 
[[Metaphysical DNA]] is like the articulated script that causes this higher form of life to emerge. It is like the shared instruction manual, or [[Plans and Specifications]], that enable us to work together in [[Harmony]] as part of the [[Body]] or [[Whole]] that is a greater than any one us, because it is the one universal Body operating in partnership and [[Harmony]] with the [[One]]. 
 
When we are working on the most meaningful thing we can imagine… 
 
In meaningful [[Right Relationship]] with others… 
 
Shouldering as much [[Responsibility]] as we can bear… 

In service of the [[Highest Intention and Greatest Good]] of which we can conceive... 
 
And making measurable progress towards the [[Most Worthy Goal]], together… 
 
Our sense of common [[Purpose]] and [[Meaning]] aligns, we are hopeful, motivated, energized, and [[All]] things accelerate towards [[The Goal]].   
 
Human beings struggle to experience positive emotion unless they can perceive themselves making measurable progress towards a Worthy Goal. 
 
When we take [[Responsibility]] for optimizing our lives to collectively accelerate [[Throughput]] of the [[Most Worthy Goal]], we are most ideally positioned to experience the thrilling sense of greatest [[Purpose]], [[Meaning]], and [[Positive Emotion]] that tells us we are on the right Path, progressing together towards [[The Goal]]. 

___

Forward to [[5.3 The Purpose And Meaning Of Life]]  
Back to [[5.1 The Quest For Purpose and Meaning]]    
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  

