# Untitled

[[Love]] and rightly relate to [[ONE]]. 
 
[[Love]] and rightly relate to your [[Self]]. 
 
[[Love]] and rightly relate to your family. 

[[Love]] and rightly relate to those around you. 
 
[[Love]] and rightly relate to [[All]].  

[[Love]] [[ONE]] and [[All]] with all your heart, soul, mind and strength. 

This is the [[Universal Law]]. This is the first and last commandment, that orders all other commandments within itself. 
 
If we [[Love]] our child, we desire for it to develop into the fullness of its [[Potential]] and flourish. 
 
If we [[Love]] [[All]] [[Life]], we desire for [[All]] [[Life]] develop into the fullness of its [[Potential]] and flourish. 
 
It is the heart of the [[Spirit]] which creates and sustains [Life]. 
 
[[Love]] is not dead. It is powerful, living, and active. It moves heaven and earth. 

If we [[Love]] we will [[Help]] and Serve.

How much should we Help and Serve? 

As much as we [[Love]]. 

How much should we [[Love]]? 
 
With all our heart, soul, mind and strength. As much and as competently as we can. 

How much Quality and Quantity of Service are we capable of rendering to [[ONE]] and [[All]]? 

How fully can we [[Love]] and Serve [[ONE]] and [[All]]? 

When we [[Help]] any one, we render service directly The [[ONE]].   

What we do unto the very least and most vulnerable, we we unto the [[ONE]].  
 
When we Help and render Service to [[All]], we become living embodiments of the Spirit creates and sustains [[Life]], and lifts all [[Creation]] upward towards its [[Destiny]].   

___

Forward to [[5.5 Quality and Quantity of Meaning]]    
Back to [[5.3 The Purpose And Meaning Of Life]]    
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
