# 5.5 Quality and Quantity of Meaning

There is a [[Quality]] and a [[Quantity]] to the service we render to [[ONE]] and [[All]].  

This relates to the [[Value]] we produce for [[ONE]] and [[All]].  

There is a [[Quality]] and a [[Quantity]] to the [[Meaning]] that we experience. 

It turns out that they are technically and directly proportional to one another. 

Meaning is derived from the [[Quality]] and [[Quantity]] of our [[Goal]], or the Worthiness of our Goal, and our [[Progress]] towards it. 

The [[Quantity]] / amount / measure / level of purpose and meaning we experience in life is directly proportional to three primary things: 
 
1.    The Worthiness of the Goal we are progressing towards
 
2.    The amount of responsibility we take on in service of the Goal
 
3.    The [[Quality]] of our [[Action]], as evidenced by the [[Quantity]] of tangible [[Progress]] / [[Success]] / [[Value]]. 

Recall that [[Success]] is the progressive achievement of a worthy Goal, and that Value is measured in terms of [[Throughput]] of a worthy Goal, and that [[Throughput]] is essentially Progress along a [[Critical Path]] or [[Critical Chain]], such that there is an equivalence to [[Progress]], [[Success]], and [[Value]] relative to a Goal. 
 
This implies a very simple [[Way]] towards the highest possible sense of [[Purpose]] and [[Meaning]] in life: 

1. Choose the Highest and Most Worthy [[Goal]] of you can possibly conceive of. 

2.  Take on as much [[Responsibility]] as you are able to bear in service of [[The Goal]].   

3. Continuously improve your ability to co-create [[Throughput]] of the [[Goal]]. 

Sounds like a noble [[Quest]]. Towards a noble [[Goal]].
  
[[Purpose]] and [[Meaning]] are found when we embark on the heroic [[Quest]] to move… 

…from what is…

 …to what ought to be…

…and to help [[All]] [[Creation]] advance with us… 

…towards the [[Highest Intention and Greatest Good]]…

…through [[Love]]…

…embodied in [[Wise Right]] Action. 

___

Forward to [[5.6 Choosing the Meta Goal]]      
Back to [[5.4 Quality and Quantity of Service]]      
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  
 

