# 5.9 Acting As If We Are Individually And Solely Responsible

There is a [[Way]] we can [[Be]]… 
 
…that causes us to [[Act As If]]… 
 
…we are individually and solely responsible…

…for meeting the needs...

...solving the problems…

…relieving the suffering…

…and bringing the [[Highest Intention and Greatest Good]] into [[Reality]] for the benefit of [[All]]. 
 
There is a [[Way]] we can be… 
 
…that causes us to [[Act As If]]…
 
…we are [[All]] part of a great [[Meta Project]] to elevate and transform our lives and our world…
 
FROM: Our current state of being
 
TO: The better and higher state [[ONE]] and [[All]] desire and intend. 
  
This [[Way]] is the natural and logical end of the Realization that each and every one of us is simultaneously…

…the last defense against the descent of current and future generations into ever greater [[Chaos]] and suffering…

…and the last best hope that we can somehow we can solve the grand challenges, relive the suffering, accomplish the goals, forge a [[New]] [[Order]], and co-create the [[New World]]. 

YOU are the last best defense, and the last best hope. The world needs you. All of you. 
 
In every moment we breathe, in every domain we touch, we are the one who either speaks or does not speak the [[Truth]]. 

We are the one who either confronts and overcomes, or cowers and hides, when we come face to face with [[Tyranny]], [[Injustice]] and [[Oppression]]. 

We are the one who either does or does not rise to our [[Potential]]. 

We are the one. You are the one. 
 
If every human being on earth Acted As If they were individually and solely responsible for manifesting the [[New World]] into [[Reality]], it is already here. 
 
If every human being spoke and embodied the [[Logos]] that co-creates [[New Order]] out of [[Chaos]] of the [[Old]], the [[New World]] is already at hand. 
 
There is a great [[Meta Story]] longing to unfold and be told. 

A great [[Meta Game]] longing to be played. 

A great [[Meta Project]] longing to be undertaken.
 
What if we [[All]] chose to [[Act As If]]? 

What if we [[All]] chose to awaken, arise, and speak the [[New World]] into Being? 
 
We should [[Act As If]] we were individually and solely responsible, because we are. 
 
YOU are our last best hope. The world needs you.

You are individually and solely responsible. 

But do not worry. You are not alone. 

We are many. 

Together, we are an army. 

___

Forward to [[5.10 Experiencing the Greatest Possible Purpose and Meaning]]      
Back to [[5.8 All For One, And One For All]]      
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  
