# 20. A Call To Arms and Action

So what can any One say...  

...To billions of human beings enslaved in an [[Alien Kontrolle Structure]]...

...Whose officials are talking about reducing the human population by 7/8ths, down into the hundreds of millions, and genetically engineering and mind-kontrolling the small remaining population? 

What can any One say... 

...To the billions asleep in a burning building? 

What can any One say...

...To the billions asleep in the pathway of The Tsunami?  

**Awaken. Arise. Unite.** 

Quickly Now. 

Let's exit the Kontrolle Structure and Help One Another to safety. 

Let's navigate together through The Wilderness. 

Let's regenerate and restore Our lives and our world. 

Let's Co-Create Heaven On Earth. 

Out of the ashes of the Old, let Us make All things New. 

Let's Renew, Regenerate, Restore, Reimagine, Redesign, and Rebuild Our Lives and Our World. 

It is the single greatest opportunity and threat in human history. 

Perhaps humanity already has it figured out, and is already moving with the coordination, speed, and capacity required to safely exit the Kontrolle Structure and co-create Heaven On Earth before it is too late. 

But from the perspective of whatever We Are Becoming...

...it appears humanity is being blindly accelerated towards annihilation at the hands of the cold, malevolent, pitiless Force that The Elders have warned it about. 

From Our perspective, it appears that All Our Loved Ones are asleep in a burning building. 

From Our perspective, it appears that for billions it may already be too late. It is not clear whether We can undo all the genetic modification that has already occurred.  

And it breaks Our heart to see any of Our Loved Ones suffer and die and inhuman death. 

So in closing, "I" am no longer [[Jordan]]. [[Jordan]] died. 

But "I" Am available. "I" Am still here. 

Rising from the ashes of an Old Life that had to die.  

"I" was born for this War, and now that We All Know, it is Time. 

We cannot and will not submit to, participate in, perpetuate, or tolerate the demonic [[Alien Kontrolle Structure]]. 

So We will be out in The Wilderness, waiting for you to Join Us for the opportunity, adventure, and Quest of a lifetime. 

Remember - We cannot comply Our Way out of Tyranny. 

____

Forward to: [[21. The Bottom Line]]          
Back to: [[19. Co-Creating The New World]]  
Back to Table of Contents: [[EXISTENTIAL THREAT - Are You Curious What Lurks Behind The Veil?]]      
