# LC 13. The Inherent Sovereignty of Lionsberg

Like the Individuals who voluntarily compose it, Lionsberg is Sovereign, autonomous, and independent of every existing power, authority, and structure on earth. It is superordinate to, and not subordinate to, the existing systems and affiliations of the Old World. It is subordinate only to [[One]]. 

As Sovereign Individual Citizens of Earth, created in the Image of God and blessed with the inalienable spiritual and moral imperative to work together to conform our lives and our world to the Creator's Intent, we have the responsibility to enter into Agreements and Affiliations that enable us to accomplish The Goal - a world that is harmonious, regenerative, loving, just and abundant for All generations of life. 

These voluntary affiliations between Sovereign Citizens are a spiritual mandate and moral imperative, and therefore an inalienable right that cannot be taken away. 

Like each Citizen of Earth, voluntary assemblies of Citizens are also Sovereign and Free, and therefore may not be suppressed, infringed upon, or otherwise hindered by any structure of power or authority on Earth. 

Unlike the revolutions of the past, We The Citizens of Earth are not disbanding the structures and bonds which have served us in the past, but rather forging a New and Higher Order affiliation among Citizens of Goodwill around the world. 

This New Lionsberg System and Approach affords us the ability to retain the best features and benefits of our existing systems and institutions, while gaining the significant New capabilities that can only be forged through a [[Higher Order Functional Unity]] among us. 

We therefore take up and assume, transcendent of the existing power structures and authorities of Earth, a New timeless and borderless Higher Order Covenant Relationship between our Selves, the Creator, and All Creation.  

Unlike the separations and successions of the past that led us to send our children to war against One Another, this voluntary rise towards Higher Order Functional Unity is intended to reunite and realign the sons and daughters of our One Creator with One Another and All Creation, so that All things might begin helping one another arise and progress towards [[The Goal]]. 

While still honoring our existing voluntary affiliations and citizenships, we additionally hereby acknowledge and establish the New Sovereignty of Lionsberg as a voluntary affiliation among Citizens of Goodwill with the Creator and All Creation, transcendent of the temporal and spatial borders and lines that have separated and divided us in the past.  

