# LC 21. The Lionsberg Executive System

## Context

On our [[Quest]] towards our [[Destiny]], strategy and decisions made by the Legislative System must be enacted and embodied. 

## Purpose of the Executive System

The Lionsberg Executive System is designed to execute and implement the decisions made by the [[Lionsberg Citizen Assembly System]], manage day-to-day operations, and ensure that the policies and decisions made by the Citizen Assembly are effectively put into action at all fractal levels.

## Guiding Values

The Executive System is guided by the Values of [[Transparency]], [[Accountability]], [[Responsibility]], [[Authority]], [[Accuracy]], [[Truth]], [[Love]], [[Justice]], [[Stewardship]], and [[Wisdom]]. 

## Structure of the Executive System

The Lionsberg Executive System is organized in a fractal structure that mirrors and flows through the structure of the Lionsberg Citizen Assembly System. 

Each Citizen Assembly has an executive function, and is responsible for its own enactment and embodiment of the decisions that affect it. The [[Project Management Function]] leads the [[Executive Bodies]] at different Levels of Abstraction, from the individual to the local to the national and up to the Whole. Each Executive Body is responsible for executing the decisions of its corresponding Citizen Assembly. 

The Executive System and Functioning of the Whole is structurally connected, integrated, and aligned by the [[Lionsberg Integrated Delivery System]]. 

## Roles and Responsibilities

The main roles and responsibilities of the Executive Bodies include:

-   Executing and implementing the decisions of the corresponding Citizen Assembly
-   Managing day-to-day operations at the corresponding level of analysis
-   Monitoring the execution and implementation of policies and projects 
-   Reporting on the progress of policies and projects to the corresponding Citizen Assembly
-   Ensuring the efficient and effective use of resources
-   Coordinating and collaborating with other Executive Bodies
-   Integrating the activity of the corresponding Citizen Assembly into the Lionsberg Integrated Delivery System 

## Executive Leadership

The Executive Leadership at each Level of Abstraction is chosen by the corresponding Citizen Assembly. The Executive Leadership, led by a **Project Manager**, is responsible for leading the Executive Body, coordinating its activities, and representing it in interactions with other Executive Bodies and with the Citizen Assembly.

## Execution at the Highest Level of Abstraction 

The General Assembly shall appoint an Executive Council of no less than 7 and no more than 12 members. 

The General Assembly shall appoint one of these leaders as [[Project Manager]] of the [[Core Enterprise]]. 

The PM of the Core Enterprise shall be confirmed by 2/3 of the popular vote. 

The Lionsberg Executive Council acts in the capacity of a [[Wisdom Council]] for the [[Core Enterprise]]. 

The PM of the Core Enterprise is responsible for forging a [[Core Enterprise]] capable of successfully leading execution of the Lionsberg [[System Wide Master Plan]]. 

The [[Core Enterprise]] should be structured as one [[Team of Teams]] comprised of the best resources from the distributed array of [[Citizen Assemblies]], who are most capable of operating effective at the Highest Level of Abstraction in service of the [[Highest Intention and Greatest Good]]. 

The [[Core Enterprise]] should be led by a Wise and Competent [[Core Group]] of no fewer than 7 and no more than 12 members. The PM shall submit proposed members of the [[Core Group]] to the [[Lionsberg General Assembly]] for review and approval. 

The [[Core Group]] in turn is responsible for the regular review and approval of members of the [[Core Enterprise]]. 

The [[Core Group]] and [[Core Enterprise]], under the supervision of the Project Manager and Executive Council, are responsible for all executive and coordinative functions at the federal level required to support and empower the federation to accomplish the milestones and goals identified in the [[System Wide Master Plan]]. 

The Project Manager of each fractal level of analysis shall fulfill the functional roles and responsibilities normally assigned to "Presidents" in the Old World.  

## Subsidiarity and Execution

The Self-Governance and Execution at each fractal level aggregates up to a total strategy, roadmap, and [[System Wide Master Plan]] to advance the Whole towards [[The Goal]]. 

As [[Proposal|Proposals]] are adopted by each Citizen Assembly, they are passed to the [[Executive System]] for execution as time-and-domain-bound projects nested within the [[Lionsberg Integrated Delivery System]]. 

In accordance with the principle of [[Subsidiarity]], the [[Core Enterprise]] will intentionally be kept as small as Wisdom dictates, with executive functions distributed out to the greatest extent feasible and executed by [[Executive Bodies]] at the lowest appropriate level of abstraction. 

This is critical to preventing the System from devolving towards a large and relatively [[Unaccountable And Opaque]] central bureaucracy, which should be avoided at all costs. 

## Accountability and Transparency

The Executive Bodies are accountable to their corresponding Citizen Assemblies and to the Citizens of Lionsberg for the proper functioning of the Whole, and the progressive realization of the [[Lionsberg System Wide Master Plan]]. They must maintain transparency and accountability in their operations and decisions. Records of their activities and decisions must be accessible to all citizens, subject to necessary limitations to protect privacy or security.

## Code of Conduct

All members of the Executive Bodies must adhere to the Lionsberg Code of Conduct that respects the principles of honesty, integrity, and respect for others. Violations of the Code of Conduct can lead to removal from the Executive Body, as determined by the corresponding Citizen Assembly.

## Checks and Balances

The Executive System is subject to checks and balances from the Citizen Assembly System and the Judicial System. The Citizen Assembly can review and overturn decisions of the Executive Bodies, and the Judicial System can review and rule on the legality and alignment of their actions.

## Continuity of Governance

In the event of unforeseen circumstances that disrupt the normal functioning of the Executive System, interim measures may be established by the Lionsberg General Assembly to ensure continuity of governance. These measures must respect the spirit of this constitution and be discontinued as soon as it is Wise and Right for normal operations to resume.

By establishing the Executive System in this way, we, the people of Lionsberg, affirm our commitment to effective and accountable governance, and our belief in the power of collective action to create a just, loving, and good society.