# LC 20. The Lionsberg Citizen Assembly System

## Section 1: Purpose of the Citizen Assembly System

The Lionsberg Citizen Assembly System is designed to be the primary vehicle for citizens to exercise their right and responsibility to active engage in collective discernment and decision-making. It aims to uphold the principles of equality, justice, transparency, and deliberative democracy.

## Section 2: Composition of the Citizen Assembly System

The Assembly comprises all eligible Citizens of Lionsberg, each having the right to participate in one or more First Degree Assemblies. The citizen assemblies are organized at various Levels of Abstraction, from the smallest First Degree Groups to the overarching Lionsberg General Assembly.

## Section 3: Eligibility and Participation

All citizens who have attained the [[Age of Majority]], and are in good standing, are eligible to forge or join First Degree Assemblies on the basis of mutual consent. The Assembly System encourages active participation of every Citizen in decision-making in at least one First Degree Assembly, but respects the individual's choice of engagement level.

## Section 4: Formation First Degree Assemblies

First Degree Assemblies are formed by citizens around a [[Purpose]] and [[Intention]], and establish a common Domain of Responsibility and Authority. They are self-organized and should respect the principle of limited size, with 3 to 16 members for effective collaboration and consensus building. Groups are encouraged to grow their Participation, and prepare to split into two groups when they reach 10 to 12 members in size. 

## Section 5: Assembly Processes

Each Assembly conducts regular meetings to [[Dialogue, Discern, and Decide]] on [[Issues]] within their Domain of Responsibility and Authority. All decisions are made through a consensus-seeking process, with the minimum standard being the [[Consent]] of all participants to [[Proposal]]. Assemblies should ensure transparency and fairness in decision-making, and all proceedings must be recorded and made accessible to all citizens.

## Section 6: Higher Order Assemblies

To coordinate and decide on matters that span across multiple [[First Degree Assemblies]], [[Higher Order Assemblies]] (Second Degree, Third Degree, Fourth Degree, etc.) are formed by [[Representatives]] from the lower-level Assemblies. The structure follows the same principle of size limitation and decision-making processes as local Assemblies, with Higher Order Assemblies splitting before they exceed 16 members. Higher Order Assemblies can only emerge organically from the bottom up on the basis of voluntary consent among Participants. No Higher Order Assemblies may be imposed from the top down. 

## Section 7: Selection of Representatives

Each Assembly will use Discernment and consensus-seeking processes to select a wise Representative who will participate in the next higher order Assembly. The Representative is entrusted to carry forth the collective voice and discernment of their Assembly, and to communicate the decisions and discussions of the higher order Assembly back to their participating Assembly.

## Section 8: Term and Recall of Representatives

The term of the Representative shall be defined by each Assembly, with the recommendation of not exceeding three years to encourage rotation and broad participation. The representative can be re-elected, but should not serve more than two consecutive terms.

A Representative can be recalled at any time for good cause, and a new representative chosen, via the assembly decision making process of proposals and consent. 

## Section 9: The Lionsberg General Assembly

The Lionsberg General Assembly is the highest order Assembly that oversees matters affecting the entire Body. It is comprised of Representatives from all the lower order Assemblies, not to exceed 144 members. The General Assembly will organically emerge by composing itself first of Representatives from each First Degree Assembly, and gradually composing itself of Representatives of Higher Order Assemblies as the Lionsberg Federation grows. The General Assembly must ensure that its decisions respect the sovereignty and autonomy of local Assemblies, uphold the constitution, align with the universal and eternal laws that guide the system, and conform to the [[Highest Intention and Greatest Good]] as best they are able to discern it.

## Section 10: Key Assembly Roles 

Each Assembly shall have a **Facilitator**, chosen by the Assembly members, responsible for guiding the process of dialogue, discernment and decision-making, ensuring the effective participation of all members, and upholding the principles of the Assembly System and the Lionsberg System as a whole. The Facilitator is responsible for leading the [[Legislative Body and Process]]. 

Each Assembly shall have a **Time Keeper**, chosen by the Assembly members, responsible for keeping the meetings on track and holding each section to its allotted time unless otherwise consented to by all members. 

Each Assembly shall have a **Project Manager**, chosen by the Assembly members, responsible for facilitating and tracking the [[Network of Commitments]] made by Assembly members, and integrating Assembly Progress into the [[Lionsberg Integrated Delivery System]]. This role is crucial to the [[Program Management Backbone]], which enables the [[Lionsberg Executive System]] to properly function. The Project Manager is responsible for leading the [[Executive Body and Process]]

Each Assembly shall have a **Secretary**, chosen by the Assembly members, responsible for recording and publishing the activities of the Assembly in a way that is transparent to all Citizens, and for ensuring that all functions of the Assembly remain within an appropriate [[Range of Tolerance]]. The Secretary is responsible for leading the [[Regulatory Body and Process]]. 

Each Assembly shall have a **Treasurer**, chosen by the Assembly members, responsible for stewarding and allocating the resources of the Assembly in a transparent, just, and accountable way. All resource distributions by the Treasurer should be countersigned by the Facilitator and Project Manager. The Treasurer is responsible for leading the [[Resourcing Body and Process]]. 

Each Assembly shall have an **Elder**, chosen by the Assembly members, responsible for wise guidance and shepherding of the Assembly from a deeper spiritual perspective. The Elder is also responsible for surfacing and resolving conflict in the Assembly.  

One Citizen may hold multiple roles, provided that the roles of Facilitator, Project Manager, and Treasurer are not all held by the same Individual. 

## Section 11: Revision and Amendments

As a living system, the Assembly structure and processes is built to evolve, transform, and continuously improve over time. Changes can be proposed by any Assembly and must be consented to by all Assemblies at the same Level of Abstraction or higher. However, changes must always adhere to the Central Animating Spirit and core principles outlined in this constitution.

## Section 12: Civic Education

In recognition of the critical role of informed citizens in the Citizen Assembly System, Lionsberg commits to provide comprehensive civic education for all citizens, to ensure they are well-equipped to participate effectively in the processes of self-governance. 

## Section 13: Dispute Resolution

Any disputes arising within or between Assemblies should be first addressed at the lowest possible Level of Abstraction. If not resolvable at the local level, disputes should be escalated to the next higher order Assembly for mediation or decision. The Lionsberg General Assembly holds the final authority for dispute resolution within the Assembly System, guided by the principles enshrined in this constitution.

## Section 14: External Relations

Representatives from the Lionsberg General Assembly are responsible for appointing a [[Foreign Relations Council]], who, along with the President of the Core Enterprise, are responsible for conducting external relations and representing Lionsberg in international forums. Any decisions that bind Lionsberg to external entities must be approved by the Lionsberg General Assembly, and signed by the President of the Core Enterprise.

## Section 15: Accountability and Transparency

Every Assembly is accountable to its members and to the citizens of Lionsberg. Assemblies must maintain transparency in their deliberations, decisions, and actions. Records of meetings, decisions, and actions must be accessible to all citizens, subject to necessary limitations to protect privacy or security.

## Section 16: Code of Conduct

All members of the Assemblies must adhere to the [[Lionsberg Code of Conduct]] that respects the principles of honesty, integrity, and respect for others guided by the Spirit of Truth and Love. Violations of the Code of Conduct can lead to removal from the Assembly, as determined by a Proposal and Consent from all other Assembly members. In the event a Representative is removed from a Higher Order Assembly, the Participating Assembly shall promptly appoint a new Representative. 

## Section 17: Protection of Minority Rights

While the Assembly System operates largely on consensus and consent, it also recognizes the importance of explicitly protecting minority rights. Decisions must not infringe upon the basic rights, responsibilities and liberties of individuals, localities or minority groups, operating within their Domains of Responsibility and Authority. 

## Section 18: Continuity of Governance

In the event of unforeseen circumstances that disrupt the normal functioning of the Citizen Assembly System, interim measures may be established by the Lionsberg General Assembly to ensure continuity of governance. These measures must respect the spirit of this constitution and be discontinued as soon as it is Wise and Right for normal operations to resume.

## Section 19: Enactment

This constitution affirms the Citizens of Lionsberg's commitment to the Lionsberg Citizen Assembly System as a means of self-governance. It calls upon all citizens to uphold these principles and engage proactively in this democratic process. This system shall be enacted immediately upon ratification of this constitution.

## Section 20: Formational Phase 

Due to the 3 year lag between Membership and Citizenship, during the first 3 year period all Members in good standing will be designated as Provisional Citizens, and invited to embody and enact the Lionsberg System of Governance. 

During this phase the Founder of the System will serve as the President of the Core Enterprise, and retain Responsibility and Authority to guide the emergence of the System, and to veto decisions that in his sole discretion violate the integrity of the Source Idea or the essence of the Central Animating Spirit of Lionsberg. 

## Conclusion 

By enshrining these provisions into the Constitution, we, the people of Lionsberg, affirm our belief in the collective wisdom and discernment of our citizens and our commitment to a deliberative democratic process that values every voice and perspective. 