# LC 38. Rights and Responsibilities

The Lionsberg Constitution outlines the rights and responsibilities of citizens to ensure a harmonious, just, and flourishing society. These rights include freedom of thought, speech, and belief, while responsibilities encompass active participation in governance, civic and social life, economy and adherence to the Wisdom, Principles, and Values set forth in the Constitution and foundational literature. 

The Lionsberg System is built upon the premise that fundamental Rights and Responsibilities are inalienable and universal, arising from the Divine Beginning and Inherent Worth of each and every Individual and Locality. 

This implies that all Rights and Responsibilities not explicitly delegated to a Higher Level of Abstraction by the voluntary consent of the those impacted fundamentally remain at the Individual and Local Level. 

The articulated enumeration of specific fundamental Rights and Responsibilities in this Constitution shall not be construed as an abdication of any of the other inherent Rights and Responsibilities Individuals inalienably possess as sons and daughters of the Creator. 

Unless formally delegated to a Higher Level of Abstraction, all Rights and Responsibilities remain with the Individual and Local. 

The ongoing exercise of Rights and Responsibilities by Higher Levels of Abstraction requires the ongoing voluntary consent of the Individuals and Localities who are Participating in the abstraction. Individuals and Localities may at any time withdraw their consent, and take back up the Rights and Responsibilities they or their ancestors formerly delegated. 

