# Above The Chaos, The Common Journey

By [[Jordan Nicholas Sukut]], 2024.01.17 _(updated 2024.01.17)_

A post in [[Above The Chaos]]  

Aboard one planet, sustained by one living system, generated by one creator...

...facing an interexistent set of crises and opportunities... 

...the Quest and Destiny of humanity is One. 

This has always been true Spiritually, yet for the first time in history it is visible and obvious physically. 

This creates the unique opportunity for us All to set our feet, together, on a Path towards towards our Best and Highest Future, and to help One Another progress towards The Goal. 

## The Quest Towards The Goal  of Greatest Worth

If we are going to Progress together, the Question becomes: towards what? What is the object of our shared Quest? 

It is obvious that it should be something Good. It is is obvious that it should be somewhere Better. And if we get to choose, it would be foolish to choose anything less than the Best; the Most Good.

*By Definition*, what stands at the Top of the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Goods]] is the [[Ultimate Reality]] we point to when we say [[God]]. The One that integrates, coheres and orders all other Goods within Itself. This is not a religious statement; it is a statement of definition. 

If the Object of our Quest is God, transcendent, universal, and eternal, then our aligning Prayer here in [[SpaceTime]] is something like: *Thy Kingdom come, Thy Will be done, on Earth as it is in Heaven.*

Down here on Earth, The Goal of Greatest Worth is Heaven on Earth. The Best it can possibly be. 

## Imagining Heaven on Earth

To [[Progress]] towards [[Heaven On Earth]], we must first be able to [[Imagine]] it. 

To imagine something means to form a mental Image, or [[Vision]], of it. 

We could begin to ask our Selves simple questions like: Assuming we could have anything we want that is Good, how would we like our lives and our world to be? What is the most massive, positive, and Good [[Vision]] we can dream? 
## Speaking and Listening

As we begin to [[Imagine]] and dream, we begin the process of [[Progressive Articulation]]: inklings become faint images, images start to become words, and pretty soon we can start to describe our Vision in sentences and paragraphs. The more we practice, the more we dream, and the more we speak, the more our Vision starts to come into Reality. 

[[Shattering The Silence]] is crucial. Speaking out Truthfully what we most desire, hope for, and believe. And as the Silence is broken, [[Deep Listening]] becomes crucial. We speak in so many different languages, volumes, and tones, it is sometimes difficult to truly hear one another. 
## Celebrating Consensus 

As we Truthfully Speak and Genuinely [[Listen]] to One Another, we come to the startling Realization that we All [[Value]] and [[Desire]] pretty much the same things. 

There may be a tremendous amount of [[Diversity]] of culture and expression, but on the [[Most Important Things]], we largely agree. 

## Believing It Is Possible 

Once we dare to dream of a [[Better World]], and discover that we share [[The Dream]] with billions of other people, the next step is [[Believing It Is Possible]].  

The crucial thing about belief is that it is possible for a [[Vision]] to become [[Reality]] if enough people believe and [[Act As If]] it were possible. 

## Becoming The Heroes of The Story 

Bringing the [[Better World]] we have envisioned into [[Reality]] requires that we [[All]] awaken, arise, unite, and become [[The Heroes]] of [[The Story]]. 

It requires remembering that [[We Are The Ones We Have Been Waiting For]], and rediscovering the Spirit, Hope, and Faith that impel us to move, together, towards [[The Goal]]. 

## Collaborating and Helping One Another

None of us can do this alone. As soon as we envision the New, we discover that we need a team; a tribe; a fellowship for the adventure. 

If you are ready to advance, I can show you a [[Way]]. To set your feet on the path, visit www.JordanNicholas.org and [Join The Movement](https://jordannicholas.org/join_the_movement). 

_____

## Conceptualizing the Common Journey of Billions of Heroes 

So we are conceptualizing [[The Common Journey]] or [[The Epic Quest]] FROM the [[Old]], TO the [[New]]. 

We want everyone to find their [[Way]] to the [[New]].... so how do we move the whole population? 

We must make preparations for ~10 billion people, over ~10 to 20 years, traveling by [[Tribe]]. 
____

*We are designing and building an [[Environment]] and the [[Conditions]]...*

*...that is a [[Process]]... where a defined [[Flow]] of (things) happen.*

*The [[Process]] is Experientially Driven...* 

*...along a program of lifelong learning and development...*

*...via [[Intrapreneurial Quests]]...*

*...organized around the [[Grand Challenges]] and [[Global Goals]]...*

*...undertaken by [[Teams]] in the [[Context]] of a purpose-built [[Community]], [[System]], and [[Structure]]...*

*..designed to facilitate [[Emergence]] and the [[Adventure]] into the [[Unknown]].*

*The experiential [[Progress]] through the [[Process]] is informed by [[Primes]] that nudge behavior [[Just In Time]].*
____
Every [[Quest]] is a [[Story]]... and [[Every Story Is A Prophesy]] of even greater things to come as [[The Movement]] grows. 

Stories are presented via [[Story Boards]], which act as Manifestos, Budgets, Plans, and Retrospectives, driving the [[Resourcing and Engagement Flywheel]]. 

The [[Lionsberg System]] enables [[Interoperability]] and [[Ecosystemic Flows]] of Resources and Knowledge across the distributed array. 

As we progress, leveraging 1/10th of our Resource Flows to continuously improve the systems and infrastructures of the New Era in stride. 
_____
This ultimately will transform how we view [[Lifelong Learning]] and [[Meaningful Work]]. 

_____
The Process moves humanity through a [[Tipping Point Strategy]]... led by an [[Awakening]] and [[Shift In Consciousness]], that subsequently impels [[The Movement]] towards [[Unity]], [[Harmony]], and [[Coherence]] through [[Love]]. 
______
## The System and Platform 

This kind of collective journey requires a System and Platform to connect and empower [[The Movement]]. 

The [[Lionsberg System]] was built for this purpose. It is intended to serve as a [[Starting Point]] to be Continuously Improved as we [[Progress]]. 