# UFO/UAP Disclosure Milestone with Daniel Sheehan
*February 22, 2024*

Danny Sheehan is an interesting guy, one of the leading minds on the process of controlled disclosure. 

Just wanted to introduce him here with an update, and some notes that can be quickly scanned below. 


<div style="text-align:center"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/vihhg0H8pPE?si=xNP0x8o8GNjM5BTu" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

New Thinking Allowed with Jeffrey Mishlove  

J's Notes: 

2:11 Just  yesterday morning, when Tulsi Gabbard was being, interviewed by the United  States Senate to confirm her becoming the new Director of National Intelligence, in her opening statement, she specifically stated that one of her top priorities is to get  transparency on this whole UFO, UAP issue.

2:44: Trump himself has said that along with the release  of the JFK assassination  documents, he believes that all the documents  relating to the UFO and ET phenomenon should be made public.

Jake Barber  
Fred Baker  
Steve Bassett 

3:28: Ross Coulthard from Australia is doing lots of these interviews, bringing forward lots of the  people that we've already presented  to the Senate Intelligence Committee and trying  to lean on the Senate Intelligence Committee to bring these people forward publicly.

4:33: the problem is that the private aerospace corporations are  the ones who are trying to keep it secret, because they want to get patents on the technology.

8:21: I'm just hoping that we can steer people into this issue of consciousness and the whole metaphysical and geopolitical and philosophical  domain that we need to look at rather than everybody getting fixated on the technology and  the kind of mechanics of the whole thing.

9:37: they have an institutional interest in the State Department to get the State Department involved in figuring out what our diplomatic relationship is going to be with the extraterrestrial occupants of these craft so that it's not just exclusively a military or intelligence operation.

10:47: Actually, they've been much more specific in my  conversations with the people that are part of  the secret keeping, as they've said they're afraid that it will undermine  the present pillars of power in our culture. They start talking right  immediately about the stock market. They start talking about our military prowess, the assertion of dominant military power over the planet that we exercise. It's all going to be  undermined. That's hardly in keeping, at least, with higher consciousness. And so that type of  threat that they're concerned about. 

11:27: when you check the polls, vast majorities of the  younger generations are all convinced that there's an extraterrestrial civilization. They're not  traumatized by it. It seems like a perfectly natural thing to believe. They're starting  to think about the beings from Alpha Centauri as being like Frenchmen. They're Scandinavians.  They're just farther away.

12:30: So we have  to learn to be citizens with others rather than some sort of elite royalist class, you know, in  the universe. So that's just another transition that needs to be made now by our human family.  We've made them in the past and we'll make this  one. We just have to do it in a constructive and  peaceful way.

15:33 That's, again, part of the trauma that they're afraid of is saying, oh, look, if they've been having actual  diplomatic communications with extraterrestrial beings, and they've been lying about that to  the American people, that they're embarrassed about that at a minimum. They're also, I think,  more structurally worried about losing authority over this domain.

16:15: We really need to engage the spiritual communities on the  planet to start moving over into this area and starting to try to understand what the  metaphysical and spiritual implications are of the dislocation of our human species,  homo sapiens, you know, of not being at the pinnacle of all sentient life in the universe.

17:13: there are protocols that have been established (between the ETs and governments). That's clear. I mean, that's 100% clear that there are some kind of protocols that have been developed pursuant to which that our, especially our military forces and our intelligence gathering satellite systems, et cetera, have some kind of working relationship with not stepping on each other's toes right here.

19:02: we need to work out some kind of a unified sense of how it is we want to interrelate with these beings before we can engage in bilateral formalization of our relationship  with them. Because you certainly don't want individual nation states establishing individual  treaties with one or another of these species. That isn't the ideal way to proceed.

22:54: ..it was clear that what all of the greatest minds in our human family had come to realize that we were right in the process of evolving to the next stage of our biological evolution, and that homo sapiens sapiens was going to be evolving into a new species, and that the primary  differentiation between the new species and this was the full flowering of this additional faculty (of consciousness). And it was the faculty that people refer to as extrasensory perception, but it had to do with telepathic communication. It has to do with precognition. It has to do with non-local communication. And all of this particular biological faculty, like seeing or hearing, enables some of our people to have direct, immediate, experiential engagement with the unit of phenomenon that bonds every irreducible integer of matter in the entire physical universe into one unified harmonic whole. And there is an additional belief that beyond that, the next additional stage of evolution of our human family actually enables us to reach out and have direct, immediate experience of the infinite and eternal sea of completely undifferentiated consciousness that abides out beyond the sum total of mass and energy in our physical universe, that there's an infinite and eternal sea of completely undifferentiated consciousness that simply abides. And this was the origin of the actual condensation of consciousness into the original unit of matter that has, through this process of evolving, has evolved into our physical universe.

28:19: I have no doubt whatsoever that there are significant indicia that this  could go wrong here, you know, that Donald Trump personally has a number of what I think are very  serious character problems that could cause this to kind of gravitate toward  kind of an authoritarian regime,  where he would take advantage of the destabilization of the old structures in a way to increase his own personal power, you know, even under the point of potentially declaring a state of national emergency, wanting to suspend normal constitutional  protections, even potentially invoking the continuity of government authority that has been  authorized by Congress.

36:09 ...being at Jesuit National Headquarters back in 1977 when President Carter  came to office. And one of the first things he demanded was finding out about what the ET and  UFO phenomenon is all about. That's how I ended up professionally involved in this at Jesuit Headquarters. And we proposed to the 54 major religious denominations in the United States back in 1977 that we set up a special task force to figure out how to prepare for this. And yet they  didn't want to do it at that time. But I think 
now people are more and more open to this.

38:19 That's right. No, no, this is fairly frightening, this kind of the commandeering of people who have these kind of subtle psychic capabilities to  setting up what they refer to as the honey trap, you know, to kind of send out signals, oh, we're here, we love you, please come, please come. And then when they come near them, try to knock them out of the sky  and capture them. And according  to some reports, actually kill the beings that  are on board. You know, I mean, I have direct information that that's happened in the past.

48:52: Now, the other problem is, of course,  that the fact that these vehicles are run by telepathic communication on the part of the pilot, that they were in fact having substantial difficulties in having the trained pilots that they have in the Air Force, for example, and in the Navy, that somehow they weren't capable of the kind of consciousness that was necessary to communicate and navigate  these craft. What they did is they went out and they started trying to recruit people. As you point out, that they've actually gone and tried  to find children who demonstrate these kind  of psychic capabilities and that they began a subprogram of psionics, this entire effort to  try to gear up people who have these capabilities and recruit them to actually be pilots for these craft, and so that they could bring down the actual ET craft themselves, not a mock-up of them or not something that's like them, but the actual craft themselves and have young children be trained over years to learn how to fly these things, because of the high levels of consciousness and psychic abilities that they've had. Now, I'm not at liberty to go into some of the  details about this because the means by which I've acquired this information puts certain people at risk of revealing who they are, but there have been some very substantial  misconduct involved in working with these children and trying to train them to fly these craft, and there have been some substantial misconduct with regard to the way they've treated  the occupants of these craft to the point of capturing them, killing them, subjecting them to all kinds of coercive activities... 

SOL Foundation - Gary Nolan  
UAP Disclosure Fund  
MUFON  
Conscious Life Expo  

1:02 I gather many of these psionic assets are recruited from other countries. They're young people. They're brought over here. I would imagine they have very little control over their own fate and fortune once they're brought here. This is a challenge. The program began by  trying to find younger children here inside the United States who were actually, interestingly, children of people in the military and in the intelligence community. They were trying to keep it in the family because of  the security of the programs and  so that they were approaching the people that were  involved in our military and in our intelligence community when they had children that seemed  to be particularly gifted in this area and they recruited them to come into the program and  provide special training and stuff for them. Then it began, apparently, to expand out beyond  that to other people in the United States  because they had some sense that if they confined  their program to just people inside the United States, it would be harder for the Chinese  and Russians to realize we were doing it. A little naive in my opinion, but the bottom line  is, and then they realized that the Aboriginal people that had kept themselves apart from the  Western culture or had been compelled to stay apart from the Western culture like the Native  people in our country on the reservations had maintained these capacities to engage in  direct communion with these other dimensions. They began to look toward the reservations and  the Aboriginal people within our own country. Then they said, oh, well, wait a second, look,  Aboriginal people seem to be especially adept  at this. What about those down in South America,  in Central America? Because that's all part of our domain, the Monroe Doctrine, that we're  in control of Western civilization and Western hemisphere. Then they began to focus in Mexico  and Central America and the Aboriginal tribes in South America. Now they've begun  to do the work over in Africa as well, in islands, Samoan Islands and in the islands in  the Pacific. It is true that they're expanding this program out and that the safeguards that  they provide to the autonomy and the fundamental human rights of people that are  non-citizens of the United States,   they always treat it differently. They don't somehow think that they're entitled to the same kind of safeguards and protections that they would have to provide to American citizens. This is a problem and that we need to look into this. 

1:06: Well, it's interesting that you've heard this, okay... various of us have heard various things depending upon the access we have to some  of these programs, but the bottom line is that I can affirm that there have been some very  serious problems with the regular trained pilots of our American military because  that's where they all come from. They all come from the United States Navy,  F-18 Super Hornet fighter pilots, you know, Air Force trained people and that they have  a certain kind of rigid mindset that has been developed in them and so it makes it especially  difficult for these people to get into the more subtle dimensions of their consciousness and so  when they're pushed into a situation where they have direct contact with these vehicles, where  that's sort of forced upon them as you saw with Jake Barber, that this is a very disquieting  experience and that they become disoriented, they begin to have mental  problems and these translate   into various psychological characteristics of the people and they begin to suffer. But the reality is that it's  become even more serious than that for some of the pilots. The care being taken for  their own psychological health and for their physical health has been less than ideal inside  those programs and that was one of the reasons why they started looking to try to find younger children and train them and bring them up to be able to pilot these craft for them. But the  problem is that they've also discovered that, I need to be careful here, but that they've engaged in the utilization of certain drugs, amphetamines and stuff, to hyper dose their own pilots and even some of these younger children that have had extremely adverse consequences.

1:09: Well it strikes me  from this conversation that we're dealing with 
ontological shock on many, many levels at once.  Ontological shock that our government, whom we've come to trust, has been behaving unethically and illegally. Ontological shock about the existence of extraterrestrial civilizations.  Ontological shock about the existence of psychic abilities and finally ontological shock about the possibility of time travel.

1:10: All true. All those are true. All those are true. And very importantly, the additional shock that the entire realm of organized religions and institutionalized religions on our planet may well have been a means by which information has been gleaned in part by encounters with these phenomena have been codified in a way that is going to have to be subject to some substantial modification and that the institutions are going to hold on and resist this.

1:36:58 in 1945 at the end of World War II when all  this national security state stuff started but from 1947 with at least the crash of the  Roswell crash there's been this very aggressive program on the part of the United States national  security state to lie about this and conceal this out of a fear that they're not going to be able  to navigate this change...

