It is very seldom that violent or deceitful overthrows, or collapses into [[Chaos]], result in more [[Benevolent]], [[Just]] and [[Good]] [[Power Structures]].  [[Power]] vacuums are often filled by the most vicious, ruthless and powerful thing in the vicinity. The existing structures must, in all cases where it is possible, be elevated and transformed from within, with the help and assistance of [[ONE]] and [[All]], so that the tribes and nations of the world gain the benefits of something [[New]] and [[Better]], without losing whatever measure of stability, justice, and competence the Old may have provided. The Old must be elevated, transformed, and carefully hospiced and transcended. It cannot be wantonly killed or allowed to prematurely die before the New is ready to take its place. While the [[Old]] is indeed tyrannical, blind, unjust and failing, when we compare it to the absolute [[Slavery]], [[Tyranny]], [[Privation]] and [[Suffering]] of many times and places in our [[Past]], we understand that from [[Where We Are]], things could get much worse. We should look on the Old with a measure of [[Humility]], [[Gratitude]] and [[Compassion]], for as oppressive and unjust as they are, they have nonetheless brought us to where we are. Perhaps they did the best they could with what they had and knew at the time. Who is to say that we could have done better? Let the one without sin cast the first stone. At the same time, we are spiritually and morally required, in [[Light]] of all we have now come to [[Know]], to arise and transform. May it be done with [[Grace]], [[Honor]], and [[Blessing]], for the fruit we will eat in the future is present in every seed, thought, word, and action we sow in the transformation. 

___

Forward to [[Meditation 257]]  
Back to [[Meditation 255]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Lionsberg Book of Meditations]]  