# 0.1 Introduction

It is with great trepidation that we embark upon the [[Quest]] to pass this knowledge on to the world. 

The Spirit of humanity may not be ready yet. If it is not, humanity could us this information to destroy One Another, and thereby itself and the planet. 

The Power to co-create is also the power to heal and sustain is also the power the destroy. 

The more Potent one becomes, the greater their [[Power]] to lift up Heaven and Earth towards the heights of their Potential, and the greater their Power to turn against life and destroy it if they so choose. 

Much of this knowledge has been hidden behind a veil for millennia, carefully guarded and passed on from Master to Practitioner. 

Much of it has remained strictly guarded within institutional and honor-based institutions that demand absolutely loyalty and prevent disclosure and leaks, historically upon pain of death. 

It is through a very unique set of circumstances at a very unique moment in history that We are now preparing to arm humanity with it. 

The purpose of the entire System and Art, is to help every being on Earth rise towards their maximum Potential and Power, while progressively integrating that Power into One coherent Divine Symphony that universally and eternally elevates all Life and Consciousness towards it best and highest [[Potential]]. 

The basic philosophy and definition of Goodness is for [[All]] things to [[Help One Another]] reciprocally rise towards the fulness of [[Potential]], and flourish in Harmony. 

Humanity will never be able to accomplish that Goal if it remains only weakly and vaguely aware of its immense power to **consciously** create, sustain and destroy **at will**. 

It is our hope and prayer that the [[Meta Threat]] that has manifested itself at this unique moment in history, has manifested itself at a time when humanity has developed just enough maturity that it can entrusted with Co-Creative, Co-Sustaining, and Co-Destructive Power beyond what it has ever known.

The Martial, Energetic, and Healing Arts are subcomponents of the broadest possible conception of what individuals, localities, species, planets, star systems, galaxies, etc. require to develop towards the fullness of Potential. This total set self-evidently exists Beyond Name, incarnating itself in various Time and Spaces under different identities. We are attempting to [[Incarnate]] a high fidelity Prototype in this [[SpatioTemporal Domain]] via the **Lionsberg System**. 

The various elements of the [[Lionsberg System]] can be combined to literally transform the Spirit, Mind, Body, and Worlds towards ultimate Potential, and to do that not just at the individual level, but to transform the ***totality of all minds and bodies*** into a Collective Body and Mind that is reharmonized with the [[One]], and therefore manifesting coherently as the Universal Symphony of Life, Light, and Love that We are Together intended and invited to Become. 

This guide will help individuals understand how to progressively cultivate, integrate, and direct ever more Power to create, heal, sustain and destroy. 

We stress and demand upon the promise of Heaven and the pain of Hell that those forces be used _only_ in service of [[One]] and [[All]], and always under the Supreme Authority and Unwritten Law of God. 

In light of bullies on the Playground Earth who are oppressing, raping, displacing, and killing hundreds of millions of beings, We are reluctantly instructing humanity on how to project Power to destroy _in service of Life and Love, when it is absolutely necessary and morally demanded that we bear the unimaginable burden of inflicting Harm on one in service of One, in order to Love and protect All._

If we are ever forced to destroy in service of Life, Light, and Love, there is no victory at the end. It is a funeral and a time of mourning, for we have been forced to kill a part of Our Selves in order to save and uplift the Whole. There should be no more joy in severing a member of the Universal Body from its One Life, than if we were forced to cut off Our own hand to save Our body. 

With this sober introduction, let Us Now proceed into the Art and Science of the Way. Our Lives may never be the same. 

____
Forward to [[0.2 A Warning]]  
Back to [[Rediscovering The Way - A Guide For The Warrior Spirit]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  
