# 0.2 A Warning

If you are not here in absolute service of [[One]] and [[All]], We admonish you to leave immediately. 

You know from every epic story that resonates with your Soul that the ultimate ring of power, or grail of life, cannot be grasped for selfish means without destroying the Pretender. 

It is improperly eating from the tree of the knowledge that banishes one from paradise. 

It is improperly drinking from the living water in the holy grail that corrupts and destroys ones body. 

It is improperly taking up the ring of power that corrupts and destroys ones Soul. 

It is improperly wishing upon the magic vessel that contains the genie that creates Hell rather Heaven. 

We can guide you in the Way towards the Power that will enable you to walk safely and securely through both life and death, because you have Authority over them. 

However if you deploy the power of life and death against Life, instead of *in service to* Life, it will not be the physical body of your victim that is ultimately destroyed, but your own metaphysical soul. 

This is because the Power you are using to destroy is given to you by the [[One]] who is creating and you and [[All]].  Your Power to Destroy is One with your Power to Create, and both are bestowed by the Creator of All Universes, to whom We are All ultimately and eternally accountable. 

A Father who lovingly empowers a child with a gift, only to see the child cruelly use it to destroy another child, surely would neutralize the one in order to save the All. 

So do not imagine that you can take up Power in order to oppress or exploit others. You will not enjoy the Hell that lies at the end of that road. 

If you are here for the wrong reasons, turn back now. 

____
Forward to [[0.3 A Story]]  
Back to [[0.1 Introduction]]  
Back to Table of Contents [[Rediscovering The Way - A Guide For The Warrior Spirit]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  

