# 0.4 A Way of Life

As you set your feet on this Path, you are not merely learning a martial art. 

You are being initiated into a Sacred Way of Life. *A [[Way of Being]]*. 

***[[To Know The Way, One Must Live It.]]***

This Way is rooted in the simultaneous and progressive ***transformation*** of every aspect of your being towards their pinnacle of multi-dimensional [[Potential]]. 

It then guides you in the integration and deployment of that growing well of [[Potential]] and [[Power]] to create and destroy in service of Life and Love, One and All. 

Unlike many other arts which are rooted in **external** forms and techniques, there is no way to externally fake this Way. 

The performance of fancy kicks and katas does not lead to the creation and destruction of worlds. 

The true Way can only arise from the integrated depths of one's Being, which are in turn arising from the integrated depths of Something far deeper than ones Self. 

When We strike, We strike from the depths of the Universe.  

When We strike from the depths of the Universe with Integrity, Wisdom and Alignment, We are channeling the Power of the [[ONE]] to accomplish the will of the [[ONE]]. 

There is little point in learning the external form and techniques, if one has not transformed ones Self into **a living conduit** of a far greater Source of Power. 

As one transforms ItSelf into a conduit of the Power creating and sustaining Heaven and Earth, one discovers that the forms and techniques are of little value in comparison to the eternally surpassing Value of the One they progressing towards Oneness with. 

Therefore it has been rightly said: 

**_"[[To Know The Way, One Must Live It.]]"_**

This Way belongs to that magical class of things, which We can never know whether they are True, unless We attempt to act them out and embody them with All We are Becoming. 

Every moment, every breath, is an opportunity to Practice the Way through which Heaven progressively descends, displaces, and transforms lives and worlds. 

____
Forward to [[0.5 A Teacher is Only a Guide]]  
Back to [[0.3 A Story]]  
Back to Table of Contents [[Rediscovering The Way - A Guide For The Warrior Spirit]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  
