# 0.5 A Teacher is Only a Guide

We have discovered that *We cannot actually teach*. 

We can only Guide those who genuinely want to learn and transform, by helping them confront and overcome the [[Challenges]] and [[Obstacles]] that lie in their unique [[Way]]. 

We can show you the Way towards [[The Goal]], however you are the hero who must voluntarily choose to embark with your whole being on a Journey of progressively ***discovering and becoming your Destiny***. 

You are the one who must be willing to venture out of the [[Old]] and [[Known]], beyond [[The Boundary]], and into the [[New]] and [[Unknown]]. 

You are the one who must test yourself, forge yourself, and transform yourself into the kind of being that is able to navigate through the dangers, toils, and snares of the [[The Wilderness]], in order to reach the [[Most Noble Goal]] of [[Your Quest]]. 

Remember that those you may look to as "teaching" you are merely Guides to help you learn, explore, discover, and draw out the unique [[Potential]] *that is already inherent within you*. Remember that as a Guide helps you learn, you help them learn. We are all Teachers. We are all Guides. We are all Learners. 

You are not an empty vessel to be filled up. You are full of [[Potential]] beyond your wildest imagination that is longing to express ItSelf through you into embodied [[Reality]] as a magical aspect of the [[One]] uniquely created for the benefit of [[All]].

You are not a block of clay destined to be formed into the image or ideas of someone else. You are block of clay being formed into a unique and special manifestation of the [[One]].  

You are a unique and important Co-Creation, meant to properly attune the fullness of your being to the fundamental harmonizing tone of [[Ultimate Reality]] so that the universal [[Way]] can flow freely through the unique vessel It is Co-Creating to help make ItSelf ever-more-fully manifest. 

True progress in the [[Way]] is achieved as we [[All]] [[Help One Another]] progress towards the universal [[Goal]] of discovering and achieving the greatest [[Potential]] that is already latent within us and longing to emerge, arise, and BECOME. 

Far more important than choosing the right Art, is choosing the right [[Guide]]. One who can show you the eternal [[Way]] that lies beyond [[All]] names, [[All]] forms, [[All]] institutions, and [[All]] knowing.

The [[Way]] is an experiential [[Reality]], not a named art or form. 

Your Path is to progressively transcend all names and forms, and to find the wise [[Guide]]s who can show you the [[Way]] [[Beyond]]. 

In the final account, the question is not about martial arts, but the purpose and meaning of Life, and whether you succeeded or fail in your [[Quest]] towards [[The Goal]].  

In the End of this SpatioTemporal illusion, that Progress will be all that matters.

But do not worry, do not be afraid. We will be right there beside you, walking with you, progressing with you, for as long as We are mutually called. We too have Our feet on the Eternal Path. We too are still learning and progressing. We too are ever-becoming. 

In fact, the farther We travel in the Way, the farther We realize We are away from [[The Goal]]. It is strange; It pulls Us towards Itself and unifies Us with Itself, even as its Perfection grows and recedes. Not because It is actually receding, but because We are ***becoming*** the kinds of beings that can [[Perceive]] It more clearly. 

It is a strange, mysterious, wonderful and intoxicating thing when one realize that there is more within Us and more beyond Us than We can possibly imagine, and that **it is possible** to bring those things into ever greater Unity, *even as the perceived distance between them grows*. 

This is one of the many mysteries of the Way. 
It is the magic of [[The Sacred Ascent]].  

To truly know and understand these words, We will have to venture out Together and experience Reality and Ultimate Reality beyond [[The Boundary]]. 

Words fail. *To know the Way, one must live it.*

____
Forward to [[0.6 Our Story]]  
Back to [[0.4 A Way of Life]]  
Back to Table of Contents [[Rediscovering The Way - A Guide For The Warrior Spirit]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  

