# 1.14 Beyond Forms and Techniques

In many arts and ways there are an endless succession of forms and techniques that one must spend a lifetime to conform oneself to. 

You are progressively corrected and conformed into the form as defined by the [[Dogma]] of the system. 

Spending your lifetime conforming yourself to institutionalized techniques then qualifies you to spend your teaching years conforming others to them, and correcting them when they do not properly conform. 

On the outside the forms appear strong, yet inside they are empty and lifeless. When tested, they collapse. 

This lifeless institutionalized conformance to [[Dogma]] and [[Orthodox|Orthodoxy]] is not the [[Way]].

Human beings are not empty things to be pressed and molded into predetermined forms that the Authorities desire. 

You are already full of a unique [[Potential]] and a unique [[Way]] longing to express itself through you. And you are the only one who can express it, so it cannot be found in the [[Old]] [[Dogma]]. 

You are a unique expression of the [[ONE]]. 

The [[Way]] is to unite yourself to the infinite, vibrant, living, flowing Force which is creating and sustaining the entire universe, so that you become a unique living embodiment so intimately and fully connected to the infinite and inexhaustible [[Source]] of [[Life]], that it spontaneously and continually [[Flow|Flows]] from the depths of your Being into [[Wise Right]] Action that nourishes and lifts up the world. 

There are no forms. There is no outer show. There is no way to fake it. 

The is only pure, inner, primal, universal, eternal [[Power]] that either is or is not properly Flowing through you for the Good of All. 

The [[Way]] is designed not to subjugate and conform students to an articulated set of forms that encompasses all practitioners and all situations, but to rather to liberate and unify Practitioners from the [[Old]] forms so that infinite [[Potential]] can flow through them into whatever situation they find themselves in.  

This is the [[Way]] in which [[All]] produce [[Throughput]] of [[ONE]] Spirit and [[ONE]] Goal. 

____
Forward to [[1.15 Co-Creating the World]]  
Back to [[1.13 Harmony, Equilibrium, Right Relationship, Flow, Oneness]]  
Back to Table of Contents [[Rediscovering The Way - A Guide For The Warrior Spirit]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  


