# 1.4 Keepers of the Way

As a result of our sacrifice, there hangs somewhere an [[Old]] certificate that lies next to our other [[Old]] certificates with our [[Old]] name on it that says "Keeper of the Way".  

However like all our [[Old]] titles We laid it down. 

There is no one "Keeper" of the [[Way]] We can guide you in, because the [[ONE]] it flows from cannot be boxed up or contained in order to be kept. 

[[Wisdom]] and [[Truth]] can never be fully articulated into Dogma and bound up in an institution to be "kept" by a "keeper". It simply Is. The [[Way]] is to relentlessly navigate towards [[Truth]], [[Wisdom]], and the [[Goal]], while humbly recognizing that it will always remain beyond the horizon of our perception and conception. On an infinite journey, there is always another step to take. 

In the [[Old]] world the various ways were "kept", and guarded by the Authorities of the various Caves and Pyramids. 

In many cases, the "keepers" would not even admit you to their temple, club, or place of practice. 

It is not so in the [[New]]. We are laying down every one of our [[Old]] titles in order to open, welcome, and invite [[All]] to take them up as a [[Collective Inheritance]]. 

Together, We, whoever are walking in this [[Way]], are its keepers. We are the Kings and Queens of the New, all of us. There is no King or Queen in authority over Us except [[ONE]]. We are the Priests of the New, all of us. There is no Priest in authority over Us. 

Out here, beyond [[The Boundary]], We are All in Authority. We are each individually and solely responsible for the law and administration of the domains We are entrusted with. 

Lay down every one of your [[Old]] titles, in order to take up the ultimate title and identity that we [[All]] share, because We are [[All]] the family of the [[ONE]]. 

Will you become a keeper of the [[Way]] with us? We lay down the highest titles of the [[Old]], so that We can all take up the highest position and title in the [[New]], and share it together As If We were One. 

You are hereby released and liberated from every law, every authority, and every structure but [[ONE]]. 

Welcome to life as a Sovereign and Free Keeper and Practitioner of the Way. 

____
Forward to [[1.5 Elevating and Transforming The Entire Being]]  
Back to [[1.3 The Bondage of the Old Ways]]  
Back to Table of Contents [[Rediscovering The Way - A Guide For The Warrior Spirit]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  

