# 1.5 Elevating and Transforming the Entire Being

There is only one Earth. There is only one [[Living System]]. There is only one Society. There is only one Ultimate Reality. There is only one [[Meta Goal]]. There is only [[One]]. 

There is only one You. 

Your purpose is to discover and become the fullness of what you were uniquely created to be, so that [[The Goal]] can in-break and become [[Reality]] through You for the benefit of [[All]]. 

The [[Way]] focuses on elevating and transforming the entire being, spiritually, intellectually, and physically, into a higher order functional unity capable of wise right action to meet the needs and solve the problems inherent in whatever [[Time]] and [[Space]] we are present in. 

It focuses on elevating and transforming you into a conduit of ever-increasing capacity, through which the Spirit can flow through you into every situation you encounter. 

Recognizing that we cannot do that alone, it then focuses on forging, out of many elevating and transforming individuals, ONE higher order functional unity, or community,  capable of wise right action to meet the needs and solve the problems inherent in [[All]] communities of life as [[All]] things advance towards the Goal. 

The coherence and integrity of the [[Whole]] starts with and depends upon the coherence and integrity of each and every individual. 

The coherence and integrity of each and every individual begins with you. 

Elevate and transform your entire being, as if the eternal destiny of [[All]] depended upon it. 

____
Forward to [[1.6 Tragedy and Malevolence]]  
Back to [[1.4 Keepers of the Way]]  
Back to Table of Contents [[Rediscovering The Way - A Guide For The Warrior Spirit]]  
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  



