# 0. Introduction

Note that this is a [[Work In Progress]] being released without editing or proofreading due to the extremely high time-sensitivity and threats associated with the information. 

Most of all, because I have had to navigate through hell and back to discover everything contained in the [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]], I want to "push" this information to the [[Lionsberg Wiki]] in draft form so that humanity has it if for any reason I do not make it through the battle We are presently engaged in. There are a long list of assassinations, disappearances, and public take-downs associated with the contents of the Lionsberg Wiki and its implications. 

Because [[We Do Not Know]] definitively about ancient history, and because of the vast conspiracy by the governments and the [[Invisible Power Structures]] puppeting them to deceive the human species regarding extraterrestrial involvement in human affairs...

...I expect that some of the hundreds of pieces of evidence herein do not precisely conform to the Truth, and will be modified as the [[Force For Good]] gains clarity.

My [[Current Best Understanding]], estimate, and intuition is that the information contained in this document is over 95% True. To stand up in court, it would only need to be more likely than not to be True. 

This document reveals one of the greatest crimes against humanity in human history, and the perpetuators still run the show. That is about to chance. 

___

What We are progressively revealing via this wiki, and the system, structure, planetary+ network, and starting point that We have assembled, is one of the greatest threats to the tyrannical power structures that would seek to further consolidate their dominion, exploitation, and enslavement of the human species and the Earth. In fact, it is the only [[Starting Point]] I am aware of that *might work.*

As you will see, the forces we are grappling are far beyond what most humans are aware of. 

I am therefore taking the conscious risk of embarrassing myself, being labeled as insane, having my reputation further savaged, and possibly being killed or worse by making available to the public important information as it is revealed to me. Some of it may be shocking. Fragments of it may subsequently be found lacking and purged - since We are only seeking the Truth, this document will be continuously improved and conformed to the Truth as it is revealed... 

...but please, take this seriously. When one is caught up into an existential battle with demons and malevolent extraterrestrial forces thousands or millions of years more advanced than humanity, it is quite foolish to pretend that is not the case. Our lives, our dignity, and our freedom quite literally depend upon opening our minds to Reality as it actually is, and forthrightly confronting and overcoming the existential threats at hand. 

If you would like to know more about my back story and how I got here, [[Pass The Flame - Illuminating the Way Beyond the Meta Crisis]] tells it and ties into the [[Lionsberg Trust Manifesto]] and [[Lionsberg History and Inception]]. 

Welcome to the [[Opportunity and Adventure of a Lifetime]].  

If like Secretary Forrestal I am institutionalized, placed on the top floor, and then fall to my death in the middle of the night, please know I did not commit suicide. 

Whatever you do, DO NOT PANIC and DO NOT BE AFRAID OR DISMAYED. Forces beyond our wildest imagination are already coming to our aid and engaged in The Battle. HOWEVER WE MUST STAND AND PREVAIL TOGETHER. 

It is not clear how long [[The Window]] will remain open. 

To help, [[Join The Movement]], get up to speed on [[The Lionsberg Strategy and Plan]], and please contribute whatever you are able to on your Way in. Every citizen on Earth has a crucial role to play. 
___

Forward to [[1. The Bad News]]      
Back to [[Beings From Beyond - Humanity's Greatest Opportunity and Threat]]      
Back to table of contents [[Beings From Beyond - Humanity's Greatest Opportunity and Threat]]  
Onward to Other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  