# 12. In The Beginning, We Do Not Know 

[[In The Beginning]], before [[All]] was, [[One]] is. 

Existence. Consciousness. Life. Co-Creation. *As such*. 

In the architecture of the [[Narrative Structure]] through which our [[Consciousness]] perceives its Self and the Reality it inhabits, the conceptual [[Limit Stories]] of [[One]] and [[All]] are essential to establish.

What does Our Story of [[All]] include? As a first step We must expand it to include everything. Both the [[Known]] and the [[Unknown]]. 

Admitting that [[We Do Not Know]], and can never fully Know, what [[All]] is contained in the [[All]] is an essential first step on [[The Path]]. 

What does Our Story of [[One]] include? As a first step We must expand it to include whatever [[Ultimate Reality]] Is. Both the [[Known]] and the [[Unknown]].  

Admitting that [[We Do Not Know]], and can never fully Know, what [[All]] is contained in the [[One]] is an essential second step on [[The Path]]. 

Once We are liberated from [[The Illusion Of Knowing]] and admit that [[In The Beginning]], [[We Do Not Know]], We gain the Key that opens the door within [[The Threshold Of Knowing]], Beyond which lies [[The Possibility of Knowing]] what lies Out There; Out There Beyond the Boundary of our present woefully inadequate state of ignorance and insufficiency. 

There territory We are navigating out into is the Deepest essence of [[The Unknown]]. Those who pretend they Know will likely perish along the Way. 

[[Avoiding Failure]], [[Achieving Success]], and Progressing towards [[Right Relationship]] with [[One]] and [[All]] requires the Deepest [[Humility]] we can possibly muster. 

In The Beginning, [[We Do Not Know]]. 

___

Forward to [[13. In The Beginning, God]]      
Back to [[11. Human Beings on Earth]]      
Back to table of contents [[Beings From Beyond - Humanity's Greatest Opportunity and Threat]]  
Onward to Other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  


