# 13. In The Beginning, God

After admitting [[We Do Not Know]], We can begin to explore [[The Territory]], and begin checking and updating [[Our Map]] of [[Reality]]. 

However before We get [[Our Map]] of [[Reality]], it is crucial to Remember the [[One Thing]] that *is by definition excluded from it.*

Whether we approach the [[One]] from the standpoint of the theological axiom that including the [[One]] in [[Our Map]] of the Known is [[Idolatry]], or the mathematical [[Principles of Uncertainty]], We know that the Mystery of [[Ultimate Reality]] can only be Loved and rightly related to; We can [[Apprehend]] and approach It, but never [[Comprehend]] and Grasp It. 

The beginning of nearly all [[Origin Stories]] is [[One]]. 

In the beginning, [[God]] / [[Creator]] / [[One]]. As soon as we utter any of the [[Word Tools]] we use to point to [[Ultimate Reality]] / [[Ultimate Unity]], already we find our Selves divided by the false religions and ideologies of [[The Caves]]. 

The preponderance of religions correctly encode the fragments of the One Supreme Certainty that they assert - that there is indeed One Ultimate Reality and Supreme Consciousness, from, through, and within which All Manifest Reality and Consciousness arises. 

This transcendent Generative Source of the Universe is what in English we point to with [[Word Tools]] like [[God]], or [[Ultimate Reality]]. 

[[God]] is transcendent of, distinct from, yet interexistent with the manifest body of Co-Creation we point to with word tools like [[Nature]] or [[Living System]]. 

In the [[Lionsberg Lexicon]], [[Ultimate Reality]] gives rise to [[Reality]] while remaining ineffably Beyond it.  

In the [[Lionsberg Narrative Universe]], [[One]] and [[All]], [[Ultimate Reality]] and [[Reality]], [[Creator]] and [[Creation]], interchangeably point to [[Limit Stories]] that necessarily Bound and Orient The System. 

They are the Ultimately Expansive and All Encompassing Walls of the [[Paradise]] We are Co-Creating. 

___

Forward to [[14. From One, One Body of Co-Creation]]      
Back to [[12. In The Beginning, We Do Not Know]]      
Back to table of contents [[Beings From Beyond - Humanity's Greatest Opportunity and Threat]]  
Onward to Other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  
