# 15. The Observable Universe and Beyond

As We work to locate Our Selves in the One Living System We Interexist as unique local parts of, it is easy to forget the finite and fundamental limits of our ability to Perceive. 

Each one [[Apparently Individuated]] within The Body of the One is subject to unique limitations that dictate the Depth and Expanse of The Whole they are able to Perceive. 

For instance, a parasite dwelling in the digestive tract of an ant will [[Experience]] a different perceptual universe than a fish in an aquarium, or a human in a Planet. 

Even among human beings, there are significant differences in the extent to which we can [[Sense]] and [[Perceive]] sizes, distances, colors, tastes, and smells, as well as far more significant differences in the Quality and Level of Consciousness Incarnate in each Being.  

These topics are explored further in [[The Book of Lionsberg]], for here suffice it to say that the [[Observable Universe]] is therefore factually different for and relative to the [[Finitude and Limitations]] of every living being but [[One]]. 

The notion of an [[Observable Universe]] must therefore be thought of omniconsiderately and omnidimensionally, encompassing each dimension of Finitude and Limitation possessed by the [[Observer]].  

Thinking SpatioTemporally for a moment, we can illuminate the common idea of an [[Observable Universe]] that extends around us in a sphere. 

It is essential to note that Earth is not at the Center of the Universe, but rather merely at [[The Center of Our Ability To Perceive]]. As some of Us learn and others rediscover how to navigate between star systems, the Sphere of our Observable Universe will move with Us, leaving some galaxies behind, and incorporating new ones as we travel through [[SpaceTime]]. 

Just over the last 70 to 100 years, Western Civilization, and perhaps most of humanity, finally began to rediscover how to think beyond the narrow confines of this star, this galaxy, and this apparent dimension of perceptual [[SpaceTime]]. 

While the number continues to get bigger as we extend our ability to See, even the stodgiest of scientists now tend to admit that there are hundreds of billions or trillions of galaxies *just in our observable universe*. 

Many of those trillions of galaxies contain within themselves hundreds of billions of stars. 

Numbers of this magnitude are nearly impossible for a human being to understand or make meaningful. 

The star which humans call the sun is one relatively small star among billions of stars within one relatively small galaxy among trillions of galaxies. 

To grasp our ability to perceive The Whole, we could think about the individual perspective of 8 billion infinitesimally small creatures living aboard a single electron, revolving around a nucelus, in one of the trillions of cells in your body. 

Just as the trillions of cells in your body are all part of One Living System, so too are all the trillions of galaxies in the Universe All parts of One Living System. 

**All Co-Creation Is One Body**. 
