# 16. Beyond The Limitations of SpaceTime

In order to understand what is happening in "Our World" "Right Now", and in the Universe Beyond, We must rapidly finish dispensing with the notion that [[SpaceTime]] is fundamental. 

[[SpaceTime]] is not fundamental. There. Done. 

[[SpaceTime]] is a product of our experience. It is a figment of the [[Spacetime User Interface]] through which fragments of [[Apparently Individuated]] incarnate Consciousness perceive them Selves and the [[SpatioTemporal Domains]] they navigate through. 

Just as the [[Observable Universe]] is different for every Creature, so too is [[SpaceTime]] different for every Creature. 

This is crucial because at present the vast majority of scientists are thinking of [[Causality]] incorrectly, by assuming that no signals of possible influence can travel faster than the [[Speed Of Light]]. 

If we are going to successfully and Rightly Relate to the panoply of Beings From Beyond, We must first understand that many of them are not strictly limited by the [[SpaceTime]] and Dimensions perceived by most humans. 

This misunderstanding is based on the false assumption that Reality is Objective and SpaceTime is fundamental.

Reality is [[Intersubjective]], and [[Consciousness]] is fundamental. 

Modern scientists are now remembering and rediscovering this, with Quantum Physics now demonstrating that the laws of the known Realms cease to govern beneath the [[Planck Scale]]. 

In Reality, because [[One]] / God / Ultimate Reality is Ultimately Fundamental and Conscious, Consciousness is more fundamental ([[Deeper]]) than the [[Intersubjective Unfolding]] of the Reality it is Manifesting. 

As we look across the [[Levels of Abstraction]] and Analysis, the positing of a Sphere of Causality dictated by the Speed of Light generated from a given [[SpatioTemporal Location]] is an fragile as the idea that the [[Observable Universe]] is objectively all that there Is. 

___

Forward to [[17. Conscious Influence]]      
Back to [[15. The Observable Universe and Beyond]]      
Back to table of contents [[Beings From Beyond - Humanity's Greatest Opportunity and Threat]]  
Onward to Other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  