# Scene 8 - The Forces of Darkness

Over the weeks that followed, [[The Watchmen]] on [[The Boundary]] reported an alarming increase in sightings of ferocious mythical creatures, many of which had not been seen for generations. Two scouting parties that ventured through The Threshold in search of answers never returned. With each passing day, the sightings multiplied, and the watchmen started to notice distant campfires and hear the unsettling sounds of machinery in the wilderness beyond The Boundary.

It soon became apparent that the Forces of Darkness were amassing a great army, composed of the most sinister and malevolent creatures that lurked beyond The Boundary. Their numbers swelled daily, and soon The Watchmen reported that as far as the eye could see, the swarm of Evil stretched out to the horizon and beyond. The Forces of Evil were preparing to launch an unprecedented assault on Earth, hellbent on destroying everything in their path. The children lay in their beds, terrorized by the gruesome cacophony of snarls and groans produced by the monsters and beasts as they forged weapons, built siege towers, and assembled battering rams. Fearful citizens, already plagued by nightmares, now faced the gruesome reality of the approaching horde.

As the people of Earth prepared for the coming onslaught, they knew that they had to put aside their internal divisions and unite to face this Existential Threat. They needed to come together and harness their collective strength and ingenuity to defend their city, and to protect their families and way of life. They would have to rely on the courage and determination of their bravest and strongest Citizens, who would lead them into battle against the Forces of Darkness. But this heroic strength was not enough on its own. It would need to be accompanied by profound wisdom and Divine guidance.