# Scene 29 - Co-creating the New World

Over the next days, they worked together to further discern and articulate the shared Vision for their New Society. Xion presented his [[Current Best Understanding]] of additional details of the Vision and Plan the Spirit had given him, and as he spoke, the Spirit moved within each of them, bringing to Light new details, ideas, and images of the New future. Every Citizen on Earth held a piece of [[The Divine Puzzle]] they could only assemble together. 

The Spirt was with them, inspiring them, speaking to them, and calling them up to Co-Create their New World. 

They surveyed the wealth, resources, and knowledge that they have uncovered from the Forces Of Darkness and Corruption. They gathered together the weapons of war that they had captured. They heated the metal in great furnaces, and pounded the fearsome blades into plowshares and tools of Life. They built great factories and workshops, where they could work together to create new tools and technologies. They used the resources they had found in the camps and institutions to build machines and systems that could produce food, clothing, shelter, and other necessities of life, to ensure that every family was well-provisioned and had everything they needed.   

As they worked together, day by day they began to co-create the New World. They built new homes, schools, hospitals, and community centers. They worked together to develop new systems of governance, law, and justice. They set about healing and regenerating the land, air, and water that had been poisoned by the Forces Of Darkness and Corruption. They used the hidden knowledge and technologies that they had discovered to advance their understanding of the world and their place within it. Together, they forged a New Society, built on the principles of the New Vision and the Plan.

The celebration and joy continued hand in hand with work. Smiles and laughter echoed through the valley, replacing the shrieks and groans that had besieged their ears over the previous weeks. They had never experienced such great joy and meaning. It was truly a joy to work together to rebuild and restore Earth. Tirelessly, they labored together to create a world of peace and abundance for every member of their society, without exception.

Every moment, and every stone they laid to build the New World was guided by the Spirit, and in harmony with the Vision and Plan that was growing clearer day by day through their collective discernment and co-creation. They were inspired and motivated by their love for each other and God, their deep gratitude for the opportunity to forge a New Era, and their desire to co-create a world of beauty, harmony, and prosperity for All. 
