# Scene 9 - They Asked, And No One Answered

Gripped by fear due to the growing menace of the Forces of Darkness, the people of Earth looked to their leaders for guidance and support. However, the leaders had become corrupt, indecisive, and blind, offering no solace or answers to the people's questions. Inquiry after inquiry was met with denial and deceit. 

The community's youth, having grown up in the safety and security of the Walled Paradise, were particularly bewildered and anxious. They questioned their parents and leaders about the escalating situation and what measures were being taken to protect the community and secure their future. Yet, no satisfactory answers were given.

Earth's leaders were fragmented and disorganized, prioritizing their own power and wealth over the welfare of their people. Entangled in corrupt and unholy alliances, they were incapable of taking any meaningful action to safeguard the city. Unable to act and struggling in the sticky web of deceit they had created, the corrupt factions and politicians began to blame and slander one another. With each spoken word of blame and deceit, the fabric of society tore further, spiraling Earth closer to the mythical doom of the Downward Spiral that the prophets, elders, and ancient stories had warned of.

Pressure from the Forces of Darkness intensified both outside and within the city walls, exacerbating the strife and division in Earth's society. The people of Earth were divided against themselves, and they were unable to come together to even discuss solutions to the common threat, let alone actually confront and overcome it. 

Fathers and sons, brothers and sisters, mothers and daughters all turned against one another. Old grudges and rivalries resurfaced, and the people of Earth became more and more divided. Anger and hostility filled the streets and mobs began to form, pushing the city to the brink of [[Chaos]]. Violence and riots erupted, overwhelming the keepers of peace and causing social Order to collapse.

For the first time in centuries, rumors and whispers of civil war spread throughout the city. The people, gripped by fear, didn't know whom to trust. They knew their leaders could not defend them against the threats massing beyond The Boundary, and they feared that they might first have to defend themselves against their own neighbors. Various neighborhoods in Earth began erecting Walls inside of Walls, and weaponizing their tools and technologies. Whenever one neighborhood heard a rumor of higher walls or more powerful weapons, they grew fearful and accelerated their own weapons programs. Fear drove hoarding and accumulation, and soon the resources and foods were hidden behind the walls of the most powerful neighborhoods. Growing bands of hungry, desperate people began roaming the streets and banging on the gates. The gates stayed closed, the walls grew higher, and those who tried to cross The Boundaries were callously killed. 

At this crossroads, the people of Earth faced a choice: continue down the path of division and conflict, or come together to face the threat posed by the Forces of Darkness. Their decision would determine the fate of their city and way of life for countless generations to come. .