# Scene 17 - The Corrupt Priest

Xion arrived at the town's Temple just as it was ringing its first morning bells, eager to share the Spirit's Vision and plan with the priest. The old priest, clad in his robes and seated high on his ornate throne, greeted him coldly and fell silent and listened in perfect stillness as a mix of suspicion and fear suddenly washed over him. Xion could sense the priest's thoughts, emotions, and energy in a way he had never experienced before. While clothed in holy robes, underneath a reptilian coldness coursed through the priests veins. It was almost unhuman. 

"Young man, I can assure you that the vision you received is not from God, but from the Forces Of Darkness themselves, who must have found a way to corrupt and control your mind," the religious leader warned sternly. "You have gone mad. For your own sake, tell no one else of this. If you disobey me, I will ensure that you are silenced by force. I will not stand by while the words of Darkness are spoken in my community."

Xion was appalled and disheartened by the leader's reaction. "How can you say such a thing?" he argued. "Have you not known me from my youth to be filled with the Spirit? Am I not speaking of Truth, Love, and Justice? How could anything guided by the Spirit of Love be part of the Forces Of Darkness, whose guiding spirit is resentment, bitterness, hatred and fear? Have you not heard it said that a house divided against itself cannot stand? Even the Forces Of Darkness understand this."

"You may have been filled with the Spirit before," the old man replied, "but now you have clearly been corrupted by the spirit of the Forces of Darkness outside the walls. Your vision and your plan are dangerous and misguided, and you must not speak of them again. If you do not obey me, you will be silenced and punished. Forget the afterlife... I have more power than you realize to make your life a living hell right here on Earth. Remember how Jesus acted before the authorities. I would suggest you follow his footsteps and suffer in silence, or you will meet a similarly torturous fate."
  

Xion was shocked and disgusted by the false leader's words. "I hope and pray for your own sake," he replied, "that you do not realize how Evil and opposed to the Spirit of Christ the words you speak are. May God have mercy on your soul." He stormed out of the temple, ever more resolute to continue the Mission and help the Citizens of Earth save themselves from the Monsters and Demons that lurked both inside and outside the walls of their society, within their temples, and within their own souls.