# Scene 23 - The Whisper Campaign

That day, Xion diligently conducted the final checks on the broadcast infrastructure. When the Spirit signaled it was time, he initiated the broadcast system and began to Speak. 

As the Spirit had told him, a select few received and understood the message's truth, embracing it with faith and hope. The message resonated deep within their hearts and souls, and [[The First Few]] immediately set out to spread it to [[The First 1,000]] of the population who also acknowledged its timeliness and Wisdom. Knowing it was their [[Last Best Hope]], they all started to pray and discern together, and their multitude of perspectives and collective discernment illuminated additional elements of the New Vision and Plan. Each of [[The First 1,000]] seemed to be carrying a unique piece of [[The Divine Puzzle]]. As they surfaced their [[Puzzle Pieces]], the Image of the New World and [[The Path]] towards it became clearer and clearer.  

The broadcasting system of the Secret Place continued to transmit the message to an ever-growing number of people as the [[Tipping Point Strategy]] unfolded. Whispers of the [[New Vision and Plan]] began to circulate. As the whispers gained momentum, the religious and political elite became alarmed. They initiated a coordinated effort to identify and eliminate the source of [[The Message]], intending to destroy Xion once and for all. They conducted raids, arrested people, and attempted to uncover and shut down the broadcast system. However [[The Messenger(s)]] were too many. 

Xion and the growing Force For Good remained undeterred. They persisted in spreading The Message through secret codes and encrypted communications to avoid detection. Each of them considered facing the risks of persecution and punishment a far better alternative than being devoured by the Forces Of Darkness, and they voluntarily faced into the risks with courage and persistence. If they perished, at least they would have died trying rather than cowering in Fear. 

As days passed, the whispers of the New Vision and Plan continued to multiply. The message spread exponentially, and soon thousands had heard, seen, and understood the New Vision and Plan. The Force For Good was awakening and arising.

Xion and the early Force For Good supporters were amazed and grateful for the outpouring of support. From the most unexpected places, resources and support poured in at just the right time, and [[Just In Time]]. Encouraged by the increasing number of people willing to take a stand against corruption and evil, they persisted in spreading the message to others despite the risks and opposition, knowing that it was the only way to save their community of Earth from destruction.

As The Message spread, the Old religious and political leaders intensified their efforts to thwart the spread of the New Vision and Plan.  They continued searching for the broadcast source day and night, arresting and torturing anyone they suspected of involvement. But their efforts were futile, as [[The Messenger(s)]] Passed The Flame and The Message spread like wildfire. The people could see the wisdom of the Vision and Plan, and they knew it was Wise, Right, and Good. 

Meanwhile, the Forces Of Darkness grew stronger daily, and they began advancing their siege towers and battering rams towards to the walls of Earth. As the forces without threatened, the Old Authorities within began taking increasingly desperate steps to consolidate their power and control over the Citizens, further revealing the true nature of the predators that had lurked for decades, centuries, and perhaps millennia under the sheep's clothing.  