# Scene 11 - Hope Recedes From View

As internal divisions, fear, and corruption plagued the people of Earth, the Forces of Darkness continued to amass strength and numbers. Each day, the monsters and beasts edged closer to the city walls, probing the defences and eagerly awaiting their attack on the Walled Paradise.

The people of Earth heard the snarls and growls of the Forces of Darkness grow ever louder, and they saw dark shadows moving beyond the walls of the city. The chilling shrieks and groans of evil echoed throughout the valley, leaving the citizens to cover their ears, yearning for a moment of peace and silence they feared would never come. When they closed their eyres, they were haunted by visions of death at the hands of the monsters already assaulting their senses. The Citizens of Earth knew their time was running out. They had to find a way to unite and defend their city before it was too late.  

The future of life and society in the Walled Paradise hung in the balance. If the people of Earth could not overcome their internal divisions and join together to face the internal and external threats, their city and their way of life would be lost for generations. At this critical juncture, they needed to make the right choices to save their community and future. 

As a tsunami pulls the tide out to sea before unleashing its destructive force, hope seemed to recede from their view. Yet, the Spirit of God was on the move, hovering above the turbulent dark waters of chaos, and preparing to once again speak the Logos that would vanquish the Darkness and bring forth a New Creation that was Good.  