# Scene 12 - Xion's Awakening

That night, while the village trembled in fear, listening to the growls and shrieks beyond The Boundary, a boy named Xion slept peacefully.

The Spirit descended upon him, gently awakening him from his slumber. Sitting up in his bed, he whispered, "Please speak to me, I am here, and I am listening." From an intoxicating luminous cloud, the Spirit spoke to Xion, instructing him to quickly and quietly make his way through the city and climb the ramparts of The Boundary to observe, watch, and pray.

Although afraid, Xion's curiosity and sense of purpose and destiny outweighed his fear. He had been waiting and preparing for this moment since he was sent to Earth. He had never been up on the ramparts before and wanted to witness what was transpiring in the city and beyond the walls. With resolve, he left his bed and made his way to the ramparts of The Boundary. As he ascended the ancient stone steps, a sense of dread and foreboding enveloped him. He knew that whatever he was about to see would change his life forever. He knew that he would never be able to Unsee or Unknow what was about to be revealed. Guided by the Spirit, he climbed to the highest point, where he could see the out to the horizon, and across the city below.

Looking out over the [[Unknown]] Territory beyond The Boundary, Xion's heart raced as he saw the Forces of Darkness preparing for their attack. The city was besieged by monsters and beasts, snarling and groaning in anticipation of their coming feast. The sea of Evil stretched as far as the eye could see, and Xion could feel the powerful malevolent energies radiating from the creatures of Darkness.
  
Turning his gaze back towards the community of Earth, Xion's heart filled with sadness and despair. He could see the corruption and suffering within the Known Territory, and the people of Earth suffering and tearing one another and the fabric of their society apart in fear. It was if something evil had been released into the Air, infecting and possessing the citizens of Earth. Earth had degenerated into a dark and twisted place, riddled with suffering, corruption, and injustice. The rich and powerful lived in opulence, while the impoverished and sick begged outside their gates. The homeless and dispossessed lined the sidewalks, the streets overflowed with violence, addiction, and filth, and the community leaders stood paralyzed, unable to confront the growing Evil inside and outside their walls.
  
In that moment, Xion felt utterly alone, terrified, and helpless. He had never experienced anything like this before and had no idea what to do. The future seemed hopelessly destined for destruction. Yet as he steadied his breath, centered himself, and returned to prayer, something extraordinary happened. From Beyond the depths of his fear, Xion discovered something even deeper and greater welling up inside him, pushing the fear aside as it arose powerfully and unstoppably from within. 

As he watched and prayed, he found himself increasingly overwhelmed by a surge of [[Courage]] and [[Love]] so powerful they seemed to be coursing through his veins. It was a strange sensation. His whole body vibrated with a New Sensation. He was not growing less afraid, but rather more Brave and Strong. He realized that the people of Earth needed to rediscover and embody the Spirit that once inhabited the heroes of old, and they needed someone who could rise up to lead, serve and unite them in the face of the looming threat. He knew that the Spirit had awakened him to ask if he was willing to empty himself out and lay down his life in service to the Creation, the people of Earth, and All Creation for such a time as this. From the depths of his spirit, soul, and body, everything within him arose and responded in unison "Yes. I Am here, I Am Yours. All of Me exists in service to All of You, for We Are One. Use Me as You will."

___
Forward to: [[Scene 13 - Rising Above The Chaos]]  
Back to: [[Scene 11 - Hope Recedes From View]]  
Back to Table of Contents: [[The Dawn of the New World]]  
Onward to Other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  