# Chapter 14 - There is No "Them" Coming to Save Us - We Are the Ones We've Been Waiting For

In the narrative of history, prophesy and storytelling, the eternal Hope for external salvation shows up repeatedly. While we continue to rightfully look forward to and Hope for the coming of the Messiah who will lead the universal effort to win the spiritual war, vanquish corruption and injustice, repair and regenerate the world, and set things back in Divine Order, far too often this externalization of Agency and Hope leaves us disempowered, placing the locus of Salvation outside of our Selves as our lives, communities, society, and planet plummet towards Chaos and Suffering. We forget that the very same Spirit of Christ is here, present and living within us, and calling us up into Divine Co-Creative Partnership as One Body Enlightened and Enlivened by the Spirit of God. 

At worst, it leads to a vicious combination of cynical resignation to the ongoing entropy and destruction of our world, and a fervent clinging to the false promises of politicians and parties who promise a way out of the Downward Spiral in exchange for our subordination.  

While potentially comforting, this is fundamentally disempowering, as it places the responsibility for Spirit-Led Transformation outside of our Selves. Worse, it breeds a strange toleration for, or even perverse subconscious delight in, the disintegration of the social, moral, and ecological fabric of existence, fueled by the erroneous, immoral, and ultimately foolish belief that if Good people idly stand by as the world descends towards Chaos and Disorder, we will be miraculously raptured out of the suffering we brought upon our selves as a result of our failure to take up responsibility and authority, and impelled by the Spirit of God, to do what Christ would do. 

In the current scenario, where corruption, injustice, and disarray seem to have infiltrated many layers of society, waiting for a "them" to save us is not just naive, unwise, and spiritually blind, but potentially catastrophic to generations and generations to come. 

We are the ones we've been waiting for; the agency for change resides within each of us, and should the Savior indeed manifest, would we not want to be found co-operating in partnership with the Spirit of God, to manifest the Kingdom of God, on Earth as it is in Heaven, by vanquishing corruption and injustice, confronting and overcoming the Meta Crisis, and forging the Best Possible Future for All? It may be that in the midst of our Spiritual War Christ will descend with the hosts of Heaven to ultimately secure the Victory, however *the Spirit of Christ and the Spirit of God are One, and the same Spirit Lives within us, impelling us onward towards Even Great Things.* As living embodiments of the Spirit of God, there is no them to wait for. It is up to us to do our absolute best as One Body to do what the Spirit would have done and accomplish the Will and Intention of God, even as we continue to Hope for all the assistance we can get. 

### The Illusion of External Salvation

Whether it's a political leader, a religious messiah, or a social movement, there is a human tendency to look for external sources of salvation, forgetting that *the Kingdom of Heaven is within*. This inclination is not just a religious or spiritual one but is deeply rooted in our psychology. However, the projection of our power and responsibility onto an external entity can lead to a relinquishment of personal agency. In doing so, we make ourselves passive and dependent, creating a vacuum often filled by autocratic or corrupted powers. It is an iron law that any ounce of responsibility and authority abdicated by individuals and localities will be taken up by Tyrants and used against us. 

### The Sovereign Individual

The concept of the Sovereign Individual is not a call for unchecked individualism but rather a call for recognizing and embodying one's inherent Divine Agency as an equal member of the Family of God. This Sovereignty means that each individual, imbued with free will and moral agency, is the locus of Divine Authority on Earth, and has the capacity to enact transformational change within their Domains of influence. Sovereignty here aligns with the eternal principles of Justice and Righteousness, flowing from and ultimately subordinated to the Supreme Sovereignty of God. It is the Progressive Realization of our individual Responsibility and Authority to to act in a way that progressively aligns our Lives and our World with the Creator's Intent. 

#### Personal Responsibility and Co-creation

A natural extension of individual Sovereignty is the principle of personal Responsibility. Each of us has a moral and spiritual obligation to use our Free Will in the proactive and ongoing Co-Creation of a world that mirrors the Divine Order and Logos of God. To realize the Kingdom of God on Earth, we must all engage in actions that foster Justice, Righteousness, and Harmony, and the cause evil, injustice, and oppression to cease and desist. The act of Co-Creation, while rooted in the conscious agency and free will of Individuals, is an inherently collective endeavor, one where individual contributions converge as One Body to Co-Create a world that reflects the Highest Divine Principles, Values, and Ideals.

### Empowering Local Communities

As covered in the previous chapter, local communities are the crucibles in which real change can take place. These are the spheres where Sovereign Individuals can practice their agency most effectively. Through conscious action, education, and grassroots organizing, local communities can serve as prototypes for the broader societal structures we aim to create, until one by one, the tens of millions of communities on Earth become the Community of God, with all things Helping One Another develop towards the diverse fullness of their Potential and flourish in Harmony.

### A Network of Free and Empowered Agents

We must envision society as a network of free and empowered agents, Sovereign Individuals connected through shared values and common goals, ultimately unified in The Goal of the Creator's Intent, full manifest on Earth as it is in Heaven. This is not a hierarchical structure but a fluid, dynamic network of co-operation, more akin to an ecosystem or organism than an organization. In such a network, or Body, the focus isn't on individual nodes of power but rather on the connections between them—the relationships built on mutual respect, understanding, and co-creative purpose. Like the various lifeforms in an ecosystem, or like the organ systems in a Body, unique functional specializations must stack up and align, such that cells become tissues, tissues become organs, organs become organ systems, and organ systems co-operate as One Body, guided by Spirit and Consciousness together towards The Goal. 

### The Lionsberg Vision

A core aspect of the Mission of Lionsberg is to provide the essential frameworks and platforms for fostering this network of empowered agents and localities. By offering tools, resources, and platforms for collaboration, Lionsberg aims to act as catalyst, accelerating the pace at which this transformation occurs by connecting, synergizing, and empowering the diverse symphony of Co-Creation so that it manifests as One Coherent Whole in alignment and harmony with the Creator and All Creation. 

## Conclusion

The prevailing challenges facing our world are not ones that can be solved by delegating responsibility to an external savior or power structure. The keys to Justice, Righteousness, and the Progressive Realization of the Kingdom of God on Earth lie within each of us, mediated under the New Covenant by the Spirit of God. It is time to recognize that the Spirit of God lives within us, and we are the ones we've been waiting for. Knowing what the Spirit of Christ would do through the Spirit of God is within us, it is our Sacred Duty to arise, unite, and accomplish the Creator's Intent. In so doing, we are doing what Christ would do, and will be found so doing should the Messiah return. Far from forsaking, dishonoring or usurping the role of Christ, by collaborating as One Body inspired by the Spirit of God, we are fulfilling the Spirit of Christ and doing what Christ would do. By taking personal responsibility, empowering local communities, forming networks of empowered agents, and working together to transform our lives and our world, we can co-create a future aligned with the eternal principles of Justice, Righteousness, and Divine Harmony. In doing so, we manifest a world that reflects not only our highest aspirations but also the eternal values embedded in the very fabric and Logos of Creation.
