# 1.15 Explaining Everything, Assuming Nothing
_"We do not want to insult anyone's intelligence, however we are going to have to start at the beginning."_  

The pilgrims had gathered in a large room. A very simple meal of rice, beans, and broth had been prepared as a way to begin weaning their bodies off the grey sludge they injested in the Caves.  

Everything, from how and what to eat, to how and what to do, to how and what to be, would have to explained.  

_"In the Caves, you were each taught certain things. They quality and truthfulness of what you were taught varied from Cave to Cave. As you begin dialoguing with one another, you will rapidly discover that the things you think you [[Know]] are incompatible and irreconcilable."_  

_"If we are going to succeed, and avoid failure on this [[Quest]], we are going to have to co-operate. If we are going to co-operate, we are going to need to be able to share a certain level of [[Understanding]] about the [[Reality]] we are venturing out into. If we are going to share an [[Understanding]] of [[Reality]], we can have nothing but [[Truth]] as our guide."_  

_"Because the things that each of you were to told were [[True]] are incompatible with each other, they cannot all simultaneously be [[True]]. [[Truth]] is one, and is always perfectly compatible with itself."_  

_"In just a few short hours, we are going to make our [[Way]] towards the [[Boundary]]. The [[Boundary]] is where you leave everything you thought you knew behind."_  

_"While it can be terrifying to cross the [[Boundary]] and face into [[Reality]] as it actually is, it should be far more terrifying, now that you [[Know]] that what you thought you knew is false, to consciously choose to remain in falsehood."_  

_"We will talk more about this tomorrow morning as we travel out towards the [[Boundary]]. There are several warning signs that we will have to pass through."_  

_"For now, we want to set out the expectation that we are [[All]], each of us who is going to venture out beyond, going to have to admit to [[One Another]] that [[We Do Not Know]], and be prepared to bear with [[One Another]] as we assume nothing, search out everything, and explain everything as fully as we can as we encounter it. In each and every moment once we cross the [[Boundary]], our life will be in each others hands. Do not assume anything. It could cost you, and others, their life."_  

_"Outside the Caves, we eat differently, we drink differently, we think differently, we talk differently, we exist differently, we are differently, we act differently, we value differently, we relate differently. We are going to have to [[Help One Another]] learn all this. Billions are coming after us, and we want to make sure that we do the hard work ourselves to [[Prepare The Way]] for those who will soon follow in our footsteps. We are going to have to quickly learn these things our [[Selves]], and then learn how to quickly teach each and every one who follows, as they make their [[Way]] through the [[Milestones]] and towards the [[Goal]]."_  

___

Forward to [[1.16 Dialogue, Circumambulation, and Speech]]  
Back to [[1.14 First Night]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  
