# 1.24 Final Words and Departure
_"You few who heeded the call."_ 

_"You few who are still here."_ 

_"We welcome you as our brothers and sisters. We welcome you as our friends. We welcome you to the deep bonds that are inevitably forged by epic experience."_ 

_"It is time for us to [[Move]]."_ 

_"We wish we had more time to prepare you, to train you, to strengthen you for all that lies ahead."_ 

_"But we are out of [[Time]], so we will be learning together on our [[Quest]]."_ 

_"We will do our to explain along the [[Way]]."_ 

_"Always remember that our [[Success]] or [[Failure]] depends on [[One Another]]. You are here for a reason. The world needs you. We need you. So let’s stick close together, and be prepared for anything. Stay present and alert, like those aware of danger. Watchful, like those crossing a winter stream. Still, until the moment of action. Remember all these ancient sayings."_ 

_"We are going to share what we have in [[Mind]] as we [[Journey]]. It may be overwhelming at first. Our style may be off-putting. We may be wordy and repetitive as we [[Circumambulation|Circumambulate]] the [[Idea|Ideas]], but the repeated approach of the [[ONE]] idea from a thousand angles is there for your benefit. More may ride on it than you understand, so please be patient and try to [[Understand]] ever deeper with each pass."_

_"As we travel, we will be transformed rapidly. Each time we speak, we will be new people. Even now, these words have transformed us. We set out different people than we were when we arrived to this hall. Once we pass through the warnings and beyond the [[Boundary]], you will again be made New. So were we to speak the identical words you have recently heard, you would hear them differently. You would read them differently. Something different in you would be present to respond deeper elements than you were able to grasp before."_

_"If you ever get lost, always return in your [[Mind]] to the [[ONE]], feel the [[Spirit]] of [[Love]], and you will be quickly reoriented."_ 

_"Gather up your things, and let us embark on our [Quest]. I would encourage you to travel lightly. Your familial antiques, heirlooms, and other burdens will be of little value where we are going. They will be a burden and not a blessing. We will be moving quickly and with urgency, but we will never rush. We must always stay centered and present in the [[Way]]."_ 

_"The first light is at hand. Off we go, we must make it to the [Boundary] before sunrise."_

And so we departed from the assembly hall with that first cohort of Sovereigns, to begin the greatest adventure and movement in human history. 

___

Forward to [[1.25 Warning 1]]
Back to [[1.23 Choosing The Flood]]
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]
