# 1.28 Warning 2
These words are subversive. 

They are dangerous to utter. 

Even out in the [[Wilderness]] beyond the [[Boundary]], some of the trees and the birds have grown corrupted, and fly information to the ears of the [[Anti-One]].  

Within the [[Boundary]], it is ok to speak their language. 

It is not [[Truthful]] or Accurate, but it is adequate for surviving in and around the [[Caves]]. 

Outside of the [[Boundary]], if we do not speak absolutely [[Truthfully]] about exactly what we [[Experience]] and [[Perceive]], we will perish. 

If we see a [[Threat]] or an issue, we fail to [[Identify]] it because we are afraid to speak Truthfully, and we [[Perish]], there is [[No One To Blame]].   

As we travel on, we are going to have to speak Truthfully about what we [[Witness]]. We are going to come face to face with powerful forces, leaders, systems, and instituions that are actively working to destroy the [[Integrity]] of the [[Living System]] and the fabric of [[Society]]. 

As our [[Presence]] and [[Truthful Speech]] shines [[Light]] into the [[Darkness]] that was covering them, they will come in force and deploy every means at their disposal to attempt to snuff it out. 

We will be attacked, we will be maimed, we will be beaten, we will be tortured, we will be jailed, we will be flogged, we will be slandered, we will be spit upon, we will be killed.  

Yet if you become [[Petrified]] and snuff out your [[Light]], you become ever more imprisoned in the [[Darkness]].  

It is far better to continue to speak [[Truth]], even unto death, then to allow fear to turn you into a stone monument in the [[Domain of Darkness]].  

There is no [[Way]] forward unless we recognize the dark and corrupted forces present in [[Reality]] for what they are, and recognize that they are completely illegitimate in their [[Authority]] and [[Power]], for they exercise it against [[Life]] and [[Light]]. Their spirit is no longer [[Love]]. They have betrayed the [[ONE]] and the [[One Law]], and thereby lost their right to lead. 

Our [[Journey]] towards the [[New]] cannot be successfully undertaken without confronting and overcoming all [[Illegitimate Authority]] we encounter along the [[Way]]. 

In the [[New World]], all [[Authority]] and [[Power]] on earth is entirely transformed and re-aligned in service of [[ONE]] and [[All]]. It is on earth as it is in heaven. 

The obvious and unavoidable [[Reality]] that corrupt [[Authority]] is incompatible with the [[New]] immediately sets us [[All]] up, in alignment with the [[ONE]], against any existing power structures which are unwilling to [[Voluntarily]] [[Elevate And Transform]] themselves into [[Harmony]] with the [[Patterns]] and the [[Way]] of the [[ONE]]. 

Who would dare to be so arrogant as to place themselves above [[ONE]] and [[All]]?  

Who would dare to rob, rape, and exploit the children of the King? 

Who would dare to exploit the beloved children of the [[ONE]] for their own [[Positions]] and [[Power]]? 

Yet there they are. And they are not willingly laying down their arms. 

The inherent conflict between our universal [[Goal]] and the astonishing proliferation of abject corruption throughout the power structures in every domain of the [[Old World]] creates a very dangerous situation. 

It certainly puts our lives at risk.    

There are places in the [[Old World]] where thinking, speaking, or listening to such [[Ideas]] is a crime punishable by death, or worse. 

The [[Truth]], [[Knowledge]] and [[Understanding]] we will grow in together as we [[Dialogue]] along the [[Way]] will transform us into an [[Enlightened]] and [[Empowered]] threat to [[Darkness]] and [[Corruption]] everywhere. 

That is exactly what we need to become. An [[Army]] of [[Light]] and [[Love]]. A threat to [[Darkness]] and [[Corruption]] everywhere. A unified [[Force For Good]]. 

Yet a little longer, and no power of [[Darkness]] shall be able to stand in our [[Way]]. Nay, that moment is already at hand! 

If [[ONE]] is for us [[All]], who could possibly stand against us? 

Let us pass through the second [[Warning]] sign, if we are still together. 

We see that a few more have become [[Petrified]].  We felt the pain as we spoke.  

It is sad, it is hard, it is painful. But it is ok. 

Like Us, the [[Way]] ahead is [[Dangerous]], but it is [[Good]]. 

It is the [[Way]] to the [[New]]. 

It is the only [[Way]] to get to [[Where We Are Going]].  

___

Forward to [[1.29 Becoming]]  
Back to [[1.27 Not My Religion or Ideology]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  