# 1.29 Becoming

_"Look."_  

_"We are already growing Stronger."_  

It was true. It was still dark out, but the change in their bodies and eyes was already visible after just a short time outside the cave, and advancing through but a few [[Challenges]].  

*"We are now the kinds of the [[Being|Beings]] who can courageously pass through foreboding [[Warning]] signs and move beyond petrified corpses without turning back."*  

*"And that is not just a specific capability. That kind of [[Courage]] generalizes and will apply to many different [[Domain|Domains]] of thought and action as we advance."*  

*"Our entire [[Quest]] towards the Goal will be like this."*  

*"As we progress together in the [[Way]], we will face a series of increasingly complex and terrifying series of [[Challenges]], [[Obstacles]], and [[Enemies]]."*   

*"As we come to many of these [[Obstacles]], we will [[Perceive]] ourselves as entirely untrained, unequipped, and unqualified to confront and overcome them."*   

*"Yet there is far more within us than we could possibly imagine. When we voluntarily face into the [Fear] of the [Impossible] [Obstacle] that lies ahead, and when we turn to the [One] and accept the [Divine] [Partnership] and [Assistance] that is always available to us, we can and will indeed [Prevail] if we do not [Panic] and [Freeze] in [Fear]."*  

*"When we [[Identify]] and [[Prevail]] over each [[Obstacle]], something absolutely extraordinary will happen."*  

*"We will [[Transform]] and [[Become]] something [[More]]."*  

*"We will become the kinds of Beings who can [[Identify and Prevail over Issues and Obstacles]]."*  

*"Imagine being such a Being!"*  

*"Over time, we can transform into something far [[More]] than we could ever currently Ask or Imagine."*   

*"Over time, we will discover that the [[Enemies]] and [[Obstacles]] actually mark the [[Way]] towards the [[Goal]]."*   

*"Over time, we will learn to consume them for fuel, just as fire transforms everything in its path into fuel for its own advance."*   

*"Who knows the depths of the [[Potential]] that is within us?"*   

*"It is the [[Spirit]] and [[Potential]] flowing from the inexhaustible [[Fount]] of the [[ONE]] Itself."*     

*"Longing to express ever more of the fullness of [Itself] through us."*    

*"This is not just an abstract or mystical idea."*   

*"What percentage of the [[Potential]] in our [[DNA]], our [[Spirit]] and our [[Mind]] had to express itself when we were within the [[Boundary]]?"*  

*"How much of of the inexhaustible Fount of Being and Consciousness is called up from the depths to manifest Itself through us when we are drugged and asleep and vomiting up the false words we were programmed to say?"*    

*"In comparison to our ultimate [[Potential]], it was close to zero."*  

*"In the [[Caves]] our bodies atrophied, our Minds atrophied, our Spirits atrophied, and our weak, gray, dull beings withered in the weak, grey, dull environment."*  

We have no [[Idea]] of the what the upper limits of that [[Potential]] could be, if we progressively unlocked and called forth ever more of [[Our]] [[Selves]] by confronting and overcoming every larger [[Issues]] and [[Obstacles]]. 

The secret key to unlocking [[Potential]] does not lie in the false security of the [[Caves]]. 

We can just start to get a glimpse of it in the purgatory between the [[Caves]] and the [[Boundary]]. 

However very soon, we are going to discover it in the [[Reality]] that lies [[Beyond]]. 

  

Our [[Potential]] is not [[Realize|Realized]] in the peaceful moments of relative safety and pleasure we will no doubt experience together. 

The secret key to [[Potential]] lies in [[Voluntarily]] facing out into the [[Unknown]], placing ourselves in [[New]] and terrifying positions, and demanding of our [[Selves]] and our [[Source]] that the latent [[Potential]] come forth and express [[Itself]] so that we can contend with, adapt to, and overcome whatever [[Obstacle]] has manifested itself to us. 

It is All there. 

Inside of us. 

Longing to express Itself. 

Longing for us to become a living [[Embodiment]] of It. 

As we venture out into the [[Chaos]] of the [[Unknown]], our [[Spirit]], [[Mind]] and [[DNA]] will respond by literally transforming the way they are expressing themselves into us. 

With every [[New]] [[Challenge]], a little more of our [[Potential]] will be revealed. 

We are actually capable of partnering with the [[ONE]] to [[Become]] something entirely [[New]] our [[Selves]], as a consequence of [[Elevate And Transform|Elevating And Transforming]] [[All]] other things. 

Yet when we are facing into each subsequent [[Terror]], it will not always feel like it. 

We will be tempted to run back to our [[Old]] beds, pull the covers up over our heads, and tremble and pray that the [[Existential Threat]] goes away and does not find us. 

Yet if we turn back, we will find that we are unable to return. 

Our [[New]] and [[Progressively Enlightening Consciousness]] will have become incompatible with the [[Old]] as a result [[Who We Are Becoming|Who We Have Become]] as we have progressed in the [[Way]]. 

Once we [[Know]], we cannot [[Unknow]]. 

Once we [[See]], we cannot [[Unsee]]. 

Once we [[Hear]], we cannot [[Unhear]]. 

Once we [[Perceive]], we cannot [[Unperceive]]. 

To do so would be to betray the [[Truth]]. 

To betray the [[Truth]] would be to betray the [[Spirit]] of [[Truth]]. 

To betray the [[Spirit]] of [[Truth]] would doom us to a fate far worse than [[Death]].  

We are preparing for this [[Reality]] now, as we approach the [[Point of No Return]], because as we pass through successive [[Obstacles]], each one closes behind us like a door. 

There is no turning back. 

While the [[Terror]] of what lies ahead may be great, we should be far more terrified to betray our [[Spirit]], [[Mind]], [[One Another]], and [[ONE]] by turning back in [[Fear]], or longing for the meager provision and false comfort of the [[Old]] [[Caves]] in which we were formerly imprisoned. 

We are now approaching the third and final [[Warning]] sign, which we have been discussing in advance, so that we are prepared to face it, and hopefully venture beyond it. 

Always remember, there is only [[One Thing]] to [[Fear]]. 

There is only [[ONE]] rightful [[Meta Fear]], there is only [[ONE]] rightful [[Meta Love]], and they are [[ONE]] and the Same. 

[[Understanding]] what to [[Love]] the most and what to [[Fear]] the most is the beginning of [[Wisdom]]. #principle 

When our greatest [[Love]] and our greatest [[Fear]] become [[ONE]], we are in harmony with the [[ONE]], and nothing can stand in our [[Way]]. 

[[Brave|Bravely]] now, [[Time]] is wasting and lives are at stake.

___

Forward to [[1.30 Warning 3]]  
Back to [[1.28 Warning 2]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
