# 1.3 The Right Questions
If we stop. If we [[Pray]]. If we [[Meditate]]. If we [[Listen]] deeply enough. We can hear the voice of [[Love]] calling us up and away from suffering and bondage, and into the fullness of [[Life]], [[Purpose]], and [[Destiny]].  

_We were created and destined for so much more than this._  
 
There has never been a more important moment in history to stop and ask. To stop and listen. To open our ears to what the Spirit is saying. To ask ourselves individually and collectively the great questions of life:  
 
“Who am I?”  
 
“Who am I becoming?”  
 
“Who or what is creating and sustaining my [[Life]] and [[Consciousness]]?”  
 
“Who or what is creating and sustaining the universe?”  
 
“Is the [[Source and Sustainer]] at least as [[Conscious]] as I am”?  

“Does the [[Source and Sustainer]] speak?”  
 
“What is the [[Source and Sustainer]] saying?”   
 
“To whom is the [[One]] speaking?”  
 
“What is the meaning, purpose, and destiny of [[Life]]?”  
 
“What is the meaning, purpose, and destiny of _my_ life?”  
 
“Who are we?”  

“Where are we?”   

“Why are we here?”  

“How did we get here?”  
 
“What the hell is going on around here?”  

“Why is it so dark in here?”  
 
“How did it come to this?”  
 
“Why is there all this sickness, disease, corruption, and suffering?”  

"Why is there all this Love, Joy, Goodness, and Wonder?"  

“What is my relationship to suffering and those who suffer?”  
 
“What is my relationship to those who consciously cause suffering?”  

“What is my relationship to structures of injustice?”  
 
“What is the meaning of this?”  
 
The questions and the answers are eternal and universal.  
 
They hold the keys to our survival and [[Success]].  
 
They have been spoken by prophets, sages, and grandparents throughout the millennia.  

They can be summarized in a single word, because they reflect aspects of an [[Ultimate Reality]] that is a fundamental [[Unity]].  
 
Yet that single word is only a sound. It is only a tool. It sounds different in every language. Yet all the words point to [[One]] so much deeper and so much more profound that no words could ever fully articulate It.  

Follow the [[Right Questions]], and you will always arrive back to the [[One]].  

___

Forward to [[1.4 Unmoored in the Seas of Chaos]]  
Back to [[1.2 Wisdom Cries Out]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  