# 1.5 The Caves
Covered in the cloak of the Spirit, you are swept along through the cool damp air. 

An occasional fire casts flickers of light onto the walls, and you begin to make out figures. 

Millions of them. 

Chained to the walls. Asleep. 

_"Where are you taking me?"_

_"Beyond."_

_"Beyond what?"_

_"Beyond the [[Boundary]]."_

_"What [[Boundary]]?"_

_"My voice will wake the others if I speak, and what I am about to show you is beyond your ability to conceive of it. Be quiet and try to [[Perceive]], and we will discuss it when we are out safely beyond."_

The nightmare you witness as your soar through the cavernous darkness stands in stark contrast to the grey dreams that are your only recent memories. 

Pale bodies, billions of them chained in the darkness. 

As your eyes adjust to seeing for the first time, you begin to [[Perceive]] the terrain. 

It becomes apparent that what you are making your way through is some kind of vast network of caves. Some are so enormous that the sea of bodies they hold fades out beyond view, and others are tiny, containing a single human in isolation. 

Strange beings stand guard at the mouth of each cave. As you look more closely at the beings, you can see that although they wear clothes, they are decaying inside. They speak incessently, uttering the same words that strangely seem to be flowing from the mouth of the cave. 

Are the caves speaking? 

As your ears continue to discover how to hear, you realize how overwhelmingly loud it is. Not only loud, but absolutely jarring.  

Descending through a narrow pass, you come come close enough to the mouth of a cave to get a better glimpse of the prisoners within. 

They are  asleep, but they are speaking! The words coming from the mouths of the caves are the words coming from the mouths of their captives, and the words coming from the captives are the mindless repetition of the incessant chatter of the Keepers of that cave. 

Involuntarily, you suddenly find yourself vomiting out pale grey liquids, that cascade down onto the pale grey bodies uttering the pale grey words. 

The Spirit grips you tighter and you feel... something that you have no words for. 

_"Am I... one of those?"_ you ask the Spirit with horror...

_"No."_ The Spirit whispers firmly. _"You were one of those, but now you are awake. That is why it was so hard to wake you. It is nearly impossible to hear My voice while you are mindlessly repeating the empty words of your [[Cave]]."_

The sight is so terrifying, the thought so appalling, and the cacophonous noise so overwhelming that you vomit again, and then pass out. 

___

Forward to [[1.6 Outside the Boundary]]  
Back to [[1.4 Unmoored in the Seas of Chaos]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
