# 1.6 Outside the Boundary
_"Wake up!"_

_"It is time."_

The gentle whisper of the Spirit nudges you awake. It is still dark out, and the endless sea of stars stretches out before you. 

As the Spirit has taught you, you begin your [[Practice]] with your first waking moments of [[Consciousness]]. 

It has taken many years of [[Practice]], but your [[Mind]] is now tranquil and at ease. It is quiet. It is still. And because it is quiet and still, your [[Spirit]] can hear Its Voice. 

You rise eagerly, and your body lifts itself up as if it has wings. Your strong muscles define a strong [[Body]], guided by a strong [[Mind]], guided by a strong [[Spirit]]. 

They are aligned in nearly perfect functional unity, because you daily forge them to be so. 

As you make your [[Way]] to your [[Place of Practice]], the first glimmers of a [[New Dawn]] begin to illuminate the world around you. The planets are still visible in their perfect alignments, as the stars retire from view. 

The gentle murmering of the stream greets your ears, and the song of the earliest birds begins to rise. The breeze in the trees, and the rustle of footsteps in the leaves begin to weave thier songs into the symphony of the new day. 

Today is a momentus day. 

Your countless years of tireless training have elevated and transformed you into the kind of [[Being]] that is capable of returning to the Caves to set the captives free. 

As you gaze into the rising sun and drink in its energy with your eyes and your bare skin, you understand that it may be the last time you ever partake of such a Divine communion. 

You ground your bare feet into the earth, and lift your arms and voice to the heavens. 

_"Spirit, lead me. Spirit, guide me. Spirit, protect me. Spirit, speak through me. Spirit, make me a perfect conduit of You into every time and place you lead me."_

It is so peaceful, so lovely, and so [[Good]] out here, outside the [[Boundary]]. 

The last time you got a glimpse of the caves, it was so horrifying you nearly died. 

Yet when the Spirit says _"It is time, go"_, you go. 

The [[Vessel]] is still listing and careening towards the rocks, and billions of people are about to perish without ever really living. 

There is no ethical or moral choice but to return, to descend into the depths, and attempt to revive them.

If we can awaken and liberate enough of them from thier Caves, we can sieze the helm. 

If we can sieze the helm, we can consciously steer the [[Vessel of Society]] away from disaster and towards its rightful [[Destiny]] and [[Goal]]. 

If we can begin progressing towards the [[Goal]], the world will become a perfect place that is getting better every day, and the symphony of [[Life]] will unfold in the [[Way]] the Spirit [[1. Intention|Intends]]. 

It will be an epic [[Quest]]. You were made for this. 

Deep cries out to deep, _"It is [[Time]], Go."_

And so, we went. 

___

Forward to [[1.7 Piercing Eternal Truth In The Midst Of Lies]]  
Back to [[1.5 The Caves]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
