# 1.12 The Practice Of Today
The [[Practice]] is anchored by a [[Daily Practice]].  

We focus on [[Today]] because of all the [[Levels of Analysis]] one might choose, it is approximately the right level to begin with.  

Over [[Time]], the Practice of Today should elevate and transform itself into the Practice of Now.  

In other words, as Our level of mastery increases, We are able to rightly [[Be Present]], [[Consciously Evaluate]], [[Consciously Decide]], and [[Consciously Act]] in smaller and smaller frames of [[Time]].   

Facing a professional pitcher, one who has never played baseball before would not even swing until long after the ball had struck the catchers mitt. The ball would be simply a blur. 

However for the most masterful batter in history, even the fastest pitches float towards them in in slow motion. The Master is so present, so skilled, and so attentive, they can actually see the spin, trajectory, and micro-movements of the ball as it comes towards them.  

The same is true is martial arts. The Masters move in micro-frames of time that their opponents do not even know exist. 

Mastery looks like magic.  

The same is true in [[Life]].  

For the unskilled and unconscious, life is blur.  

For the Masters, every moment is an opportunity to be in such a [[Way]] that Heaven descends and incarnates itself on Earth.  

[[Today]] is a element of our [[Reality]] that encompasses the basic cycle of life.  

A life well lived is one in which [[Today]] is well lived, every day.  

A great life is composed of great days.  

So for now, as We learn, let Us [[Practice]] on [[Today]].  

___

Forward to [[1.13 What Would Make Today Great?]]  
Back to [[1.11 The Practice of Now]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Power of Today]]  