# 1.14 Prerequisites To A Great Day

As beings in motion, we are always moving and transforming towards something. 

If great day is one in which We [[Exist]] in a [[Way]] that produces [[Progress]] towards our [[Aim]], then we understand that there are [[Prerequisite|Prerequisites]] that must be accomplished before the possibility of having a great day exists. 

There are [[Conditions of Satisfaction]] that must be achieved before the possibility of greatness can emerge.  

The main prerequisite to a great day is to decide [[Where We Are Going]] and [[Why]]. 

This is the first great moral decision of any life: the choice of an [[Aim]].  

The importance of this [[Choice]] cannot possibly be overstated, because it determines not only [[Where We Are Going]], but also how We fundamentally [[Perceive]] and Experience [[Reality]].  

In order to know [[Where We Are Going]] and [[Why]], We need to know [[Who We Are]].  

In order to know [[Who We Are]], We need to understand the [[Story]] that We are living in.  

Once We understand the Story...

We will understand [[Who We Are]].  

Once We understand [[Who We Are]], We will understand [[Where We Are Going]] and [[Why]].  

Once We understand [[Where We Are Going]] and [[Why]], We will be able to [[See]] and [[Perceive]] our [[Reality]] accurately...  

Once We can See and Perceive Reality accurately, We can embark on the epic [[Quest]] towards Our noble [[Goal]].  

Once We set out on our [[Quest]] into the [[Unknown]], We will need to learn how to [[Navigate]].  

And as We Progress along Our [[Way]], We will need to understand the [[Wisdom, Principles, and Values]] that guard and protect Our Success and Life, and hold Failure and Death at bay.  

And if We can then integrate all of these elements into a comprehensive [[Philosophy]] of Life and right [[Way of Being]], We will experience ourselves day by day making ever greater [[Progress]] towards a [[Goal]] of ever greater [[Worth]].  

And as our frames of [[Time]] get ever smaller, and ever closer to the Eternity of [[Now]], we will experience an ever-increasing Wellspring of true and unassailable [[Love]] and [[Joy]].  

It is this [[Way of Being]] that creates the possibility of a truly great day.  

It is this [[Way]] that transforms each day into a building block that is Co-Creating a masterpiece.  

Do not be overwhelmed or dismayed. It is simpler than it sounds.  

And We can guide You through each step of the [[Way]].  

And if We ever get temporarily separated, everything We are articulating here is already present within You. You don't actually need Us, because the [[Spirit]] of the [[One]] within You, longing for every closer unity with You. 

The [[One]] Spirit that lives in Us is also alive in You.   

Look within, ever deeper, and You will discover the Fount of Being.  Look within, ever deeper, and You will discover the [[One]]. 

Discover the [[One]], and you will discover the [[Way]] of the [[One]].  

___

Forward to [[1.15 Today Is The Day]]  
Back to [[1.13 What Would Make Today Great?]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Power of Today]]  