# 2.0 To Know The Way, One Must Live It

As We begin Our transformation, there is something critical to understand: 

_To know the [[Way]], one must live it._

We do not expect that anyone who is not willing to [[Embody]] and [[Experience]] the [[Way]] to understand any more than the shallowest intimations of these words. 

Neither should You expect anyone to understand Your [[Word|Words]] or [[Experience]] as You [[Transform]]. 

Remember how We told You about a continuous series of transformations, where each transformation is applied to the product of the previous transformation? 

As You move along and the transformations accelerate, which occurs as your frames of [[Time]] shrink towards [[Now]], You will rapidly become an entirely different kind of Being, capable of [[Understanding]] entirely different kinds of things.  

It is for this reason that the [[Way]] is rooted in a [[Practice]] that always requires Us to return to the [[Fundamentals]]. It is always a Journey back to the starting point. It is always a return to [[Childlike Faith]]. It is always a return to [[The State Of The Uncarved Block]].  

The Master wears a White Belt, not a Black Belt, for they understand that the [[Journey]] has always only just begun, and that the closer we get to [[The Goal]], the more it expands and recedes as it envelops Us. 

Each time you return to the [[One]], you come back a changed and more fully fledged Being, capable of entirely [[New]] things. 

For the fully fledged and competent Master who returns to childlike [[Faith]], [[Awe]], and [[Wonder]], [[Anything Is Possible]].  

However to Know this [[Way]], one must live it.  

To live it, one must set their feet on the [[Path]] towards the [[Goal]], embark out into the [[Unknown]], and thereby begin [[Becoming]] who they are destined to be.  

___

Forward to [[2.1 An Integrated Philosophy, Practice, And Way Of Being]]  
Back to [[1.15 Today Is The Day]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Power of Today]]  