# 3.13 You Are The Author Of Your Future
Having pulled Your Story up into the [[Light]], and having examined it and thought through how it might be elevated and transformed to be as enlightening, encouraging, and ennobling as it could possibly be...

And having Chosen Your Aim and aligned it with [[One]] and [[All]], it is now time to Author Your Future and transform Your life into a work of Art. 

Authorship implies writing. It implies creativity. 

The word Poetry rises out of the root _poiesis_. 

[[Poiesis]] refers to the creative act of bringing into being that which did not exist before. 

As a Creatively Conscious Being, You are a Poet. 

[[Autopoiesis]] refers to the ability of a System to creatively bring its Self into being. 

As a Creatively Conscious Being, You have the ability to bring into being what You have in Mind. You can think of something in Your Mind, and then transform Reality into that image. 

As a Creatively Conscious Being, You also have the ability to bring Your Highest Self into Being. You can elevate and transform Your Self into what You have in [[Mind]]. 

Something greater than You brought You into Being. You could not accomplish that. 

However, having once been brought into Being, You now have been endowed with the Agency and Authority to become a Co-Creator. 

Created "in the image of God", You have something of the Divine within You. 

We say Co-Creator because Creative Agency is always an act of partnership with That Which Is Creating and Sustaining Us. 

The Author of the Universe is inviting You to become an Author of Your Life and Your World. 

The Creator of the Universe is inviting You to become a Co-Creator of Your Life and Your World. 

And what We All have in Mind is something far Better. 

So lets write it down, and begin Speaking it into Reality. 

You are the Author of Your Story. You are the Author of Your Future. As You write it, so may it be. 

___

Forward to [[4.0 Daily Practice]]  
Back to [[3.12 The Actual Future]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Power of Today]]  