# Your Story of God
Think back over Your Story. 

What is the Story that You are telling Your Self about [[God]]? 

What is [[God]]? 

What was the Story that You were told about God in Your youth? 

How did that make You feel? 

Do You think the Story You were told about God is [[True]]? 

What has been Your direct personal experience with God? 

What do You, Individually, at the deepest level of Your Being, believe is [[True]] about That Which Creates and Sustains All Life and Consciousness? 

Do You believe in a Consciousness greater than Your own? Do You believe in a Mind greater than Your own? 

Do You believe that Your Life and Consciousness flows from a Source that is beyond You? 

If the highest thing you relate to is Nature, do you believe there is anything beyond Nature? 

What is the nature of Nature? What does the nature of Nature reveal about how the Universe is? 

What is the nature of the Fount of Being from which all Beings pour forth? 

Is it at least as Conscious as the Consciousness that is flowing from it? 

Does It have a [[Mind]]? What does It have in [[Mind]]? 

Does It have a Personality? 

Is it as Conscious and Intelligent as You are? Is it more Conscious and Intelligent than You are? 

How tightly are You clinging to the Story You are telling Your Self about God? 

If You transformed the Story You are telling Your Self about God, how might it change Your Story? 

What You tell Your Self about God will dictate much of the rest of Your Story, and much of what comes next. 

___

Forward to [[3.8 The One Highest Thing]]  
Back to [[3.6 Choosing Your Aim]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Power of Today]]  

