# 3.8 The One Highest Thing

In Your Story, what is the One Highest Thing? 

What is the Highest Thing that You are capable of conceiving of and relating to? 

What is Your relationship to It? 

Can You conceive of a better and higher version of Your Self? What is the highest and best version of Your Self that You can conceive of? 

What is Your relationship to Your Highest Possible Self as You conceive of It? 

Can You conceive of the processes of Nature that create and sustain You? 

What is Your relationship to Nature as You conceive of It? 

Can You conceive of a Consciousness and Intelligence greater than Your own? 

What is Your relationship to the Highest Consciousness and Intelligence as You conceive It? 

Can You conceive of anything that is Higher? Anything that transcends and encompasses all those things? 

Can You conceive of anything that is [[Deeper]]? Anything upon which those things depend? Anything upon which Your Highest Potential, Nature, and and the Highest Conscious Intelligence all depend upon? 

What is the [[Highest]] thing in Your Story? 

What is the [[Deepest]] thing in Your Story? 

Are [[Highest]] and [[Deepest]] things in Your Story [[ONE]]? 

What is the [[One Thing]] in Your Story that the most other things depend upon? 

What is the [[One Thing]] in Your Story that contains within Itself and orders All other things? 

How does that [[One Thing]] relate to Your Story of [[God]]? 

Are they [[ONE]]? 

Unless the [[Highest]] and [[Deepest]] elements of [[Your Story]] are [[ONE]], Your Story, and therefore Your [[Consciousness]], will be fragmented, and you will dwell in fear and anxiety. 

___

Forward to [[3.9 Aligning Your Aim]]  
Back to [[3.7 Your Story of God]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Power of Today]]  

