# 3.9 Aligning Your Aim

There is an interesting thing that happens when We plumb the depths of our Being, especially if We discover that at the deepest level, We are flowing from something greater than Our Selves. 

If We really understand the Highest and Deepest thing in Our Story, and if We assume that It is at least as conscious and intelligent and potent as We are, then it becomes a moral and ethical imperative to align Our Aim with the Aim of that Highest and Deepest Thing.

It becomes a moral and ethical imperative to understand what the Highest Thing has in [[Mind]] and Intends, and to align Our Selves to It. 

On a worksite, every worker and every team has to understand the Designer's Intent, and then deploy their unique skill set and perform their unique role to bring that [[Intention Into Reality]]. 

The Intention of the Architect becomes the overarching and uniting shared Intention of everyone on the worksite. 

What the Architect has in [[Mind]] becomes the overarching and uniting Thing that [[All]] have in [[Mind]]. 

It is no different on [[Worksite Earth]]. 

What do You think the Supreme Architect has in mind for Worksite Earth? 

What do You think is in the [[Mind]] of the [[ONE]] Who is creating and sustaining [[All]] of this? 

How does Your Aim align with the Aim of the [[ONE]] and the [[All]]? 

What might happen if [[All]] aimed at the One Highest Intention, and each did their unique part to bring it into [[Reality]]? 

What might happen if We were [[All]] agents of [[ONE]] overarching and uniting Thing? 

How does Your Aim, align with Our Aim, align with the Aim of [[All]], and align with the Aim of the [[ONE]]? 

Are they in perfect Harmony? 

If they all hit their mark, would the result be a universal Symphony? 

If not, what would need to change in Your Story and Your Aim to bring it into Harmony with [[ONE]] and [[All]]? 

___

Forward to [[3.10 The Highest and Best Possible Future]]  
Back to [[3.8 The One Highest Thing]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Power of Today]]  