# 4.4 Your New Daily Practice 
If You have not already mastered or transcended a [[Daily Practice]] that _causes_ every day to be great, and to produce [[Throughput]] of what You [[Value]] the most, here is a starting point, purpose-built to work with the rest of the [[Lionsberg System]]. 

It is a Integrated System designed to elevate and transform Your entire Being, Spiritually, Intellectually, and Physically. 

Because the System is rooted in the [[One]] Highest and Deepest thing, it includes references to the English words commonly used to point at such things, including [[God]] and [[Prayer]]. 

We recognize how problematic and misused the word [[God]] has become, so please look beyond the [[Word Tool]] to the Ultimate Reality it is pointing at, and feel free to modify the words to reflect [[One]] highest Overarching and Uniting thing You can relate to. 

___
## Part 1: Morning Practice

**Step 1: Wake Up Prayerfully and Intentionally** - Wake Up with gratitude that You woke up. Before You get out of bed, and at the earliest moment You can remember, say a quick [[Prayer of Gratitude]], and commit Your day to God - to the [[One]] and the [[All]]. 

_For example: Father in Heaven, Source and Sustainer of Life and Breathe, good morning. I Love You. Thank You for Your Love. Thank you for sustaining Me through the night. Thank you for the gift of another day of Life. I freely give back to You what You have freely given to Me, and I consecrate this day and all that I am to You. Please lead Me, guide Me, and go before Me Today. Where You lead, I will follow._

**Step 2: Journaling, Part I** - Before doing anything else, write down or record a quick voice note with any reflections, inspirations, questions, or answers that emerged during the night. Write down any dreams that felt significant. These observations are often fleeting, and can be quickly lost if not immediately captured. 

**Step 3: Preserve Your Clarity** - As you get out of bed, use the restroom, and wake up, DO NOT pollute the purity of Consciousness that You gained during sleep by going on your phone, computer, tablet, or other device. Allow Your Mind the space and freedom to be bored and to continue to clarify what it was working on during the night. 

**Step 4: Hygeine** - Brush and floss your teeth, cleanse your body and face, and make Your Self externally reflect the clarity and purity within. 

**Step 5: Prepare Your [[Morning Drink]], and prepare Your [[Place of Practice]]**. Make sure that Your space is ordered and beautiful so that your Spirit, Mind, and Body can be free and relaxed. 

**Step 6: Get Settled In Your [[Place of Practice]]** 

**Step 7: Journaling, Part II**

1. **Reflections, Inspirations, Questions, and Answers** - Further write down and clarify any reflections, inspirations, clarity, questions, or answers that emerged during the night.  
2. **Clear the Fog** - Articulate and drive out any fears, anxieties, etc. Write down the things that are bothering You so that You can clear Your Mind for Prayer and Meditation. 

**Step 5: Physical Activity** - Do a few minutes of light physical activity to wake up your system. A few pushups, a few squats, a few jumping jacks, etc. until you are awake and alert and your heart rate is up a bit. This helps wake up your mind, clear away anxiety, and prepare You for the rest of Your Morning Practice. 

**Step 6: Centering And Aligning Prayer** - Before meditation, offer a [[Centering and Aligning Prayer]], to draw Your Self as close to Unity, Harmony, and Alignment with God as You can. 

**Step 7: [[Meditation]]** - Clear Your Mind, and spend time meditating in [[Silence]]. Calm Your Mind, focus on Your breath, and progressively extend the amount of [[Time]] that You can maintain a calm and silent [[Mind]]. 

**Step 8: Journaling, Part III** - From this renewed Place of clarity and alignment, write. 
1. What is God, Your Conscience, or Your Highest Self speaking to You? 
2. What is on Your Mind? What is Your Attention being drawn to? What is Inspiring You? 
3. What are You feeling particularly grateful for? 
4. Regenerate Your Story: 
	1. Who Are You? 
	2. Who Are You Becoming? 
	3. Where Are You? 
	4. How Did You Get There? 
	5. Where Are You Going? 
	6. Why?
	7. How was Your day yesterday, and what Stories are You telling Your Self about what happened? 
	8. What victories or accomplishments were attained yesterday that advanced You towards the Goal of [[Your Quest]]?  
	9. What [[Value]] did Your efforts over the last 24 hours help produce? 
5. Review Your [[Navigation Dashboard]]: 
	1. Based on Your [[Current Best Understanding]], what is the next significant [[Milestones|Milestone]] that marks the [[Critical Path]] towards the [[Goal]]? 
	2. What do You [[Perceive]] as Your most important next steps? 
	3. What do You [[Perceive]] as Your most significant obstacles? 
	4. What Would Make Today Great? 
	5. If This Was Your Last Week On Earth, What Would You Do Today? 
	6. Review Your [[Commitment Tracker]] - Are You on track to keep all Commitments that You have made? Are Others on track to keep the Commitments that You have secured? 
	7. What Are Your [[Big Three]] for Today? 
	8. What is Your [[Big One]] for Today? 
	9. What is Your [[Plan for Today]] to ensure that You accomplish Your [[Big One]], and advance to Your [[Big Three]] if possible? What is the most [[Efficient Path]] through the set of activities? 
	10. Are there one or two short (less than 15 minute) actions that You could take that would get other Critical Path activities running in parallel as You execute Your Plan?  
	11. Is Your [[Plan for Today]] aligned with [[Your Team]](s), and is [[Your Team]](s) aligned with the [[Team of Teams]], and is everything aligned with and advancing Us All towards the [[Meta Goal]]?
	12. How will You [[Performance Management|Manage Your Performance]] Today, and make adjustments if You get off track? 

**Step 9: Affirmation** - If You have developed a [[Statement of Affirmation]], read it or recite it Your Self. 

**Step 10: Random Reading** - Open a sacred book randomly, and read whatever is present wherever You land. Allow the universal and eternal Spirit to speak to You and Your Time, Place, and Situation through the words. If You do not have a starting point, the oldest, most widely translated, and widely used book in this regard is the Bible. Whatever You read, read it not in the context of Religion, but as if the Spirit alive in You was in active dialogue with the Spirit behind the words. Find the sacred and eternal that is beyond the words. What does it speak into Your Life? How does it alter Your [[Current Best Understanding]]? 

**Step 11: Closing** - In closing, write down any thoughts inspired by Your reading, and make any updates to Your [[Plan for Today]] if Your [[Current Best Understanding]] of the [[Wise Right Thing]] to do has changed. 

___
## Part II: Mid-Morning Check In
Take a 15 minute break mid-morning. 

Get up, stretch, walk around, send a quick note to tell someone You Love them, have a drink of water, etc.

Take at least 5 minutes for a [[Centering and Aligning Prayer]] and short [[Meditation]]. 

Before You get back to work, check in and review Your Plan. 

Are You still on track? If You continue to do what You are doing, will You succeed? Do You need to make any adjustments? 
____
## Part III: Mid-Day Check In
Take at least a 30 minute break mid-day. 

Get up, stretch, walk around, send a quick notes to tell someone You are thinking of them, have a drink of water, eat, etc. 

Take at least 5 minutes for a [[Centering and Aligning Prayer]] and short [[Meditation]]. 

Before You get back to work, check in and review Your Plan. 

Are You still on track? If You continue to do what You are doing, will You succeed? Do You need to make any adjustments? Are Your Loved Ones doing ok and flourishing? 

___
## Part IV: Mid-Afternoon Check In
Take a 15 minute break mid-morning. 

Get up, stretch, walk around, send a quick note to encouragement or appreciation to someone, have a drink of water, etc.

Take at least 5 minutes for a [[Centering and Aligning Prayer]] and short [[Meditation]]. 

Before You get back to work, check in and review Your Plan. 

Are You still on track? If You continue to do what You are doing, will You succeed? Do You need to make any adjustments?

___
## Part V: Transitioning Well
Before You return home or reengage with Your Loved Ones, make sure You take the time to Transition Well. 

Take 15 or 30 minutes to engage in Your [[Transition Practice]]. 

Write down any loose ends or open items so You don't forget, and so that You don't have to hold them in [[Mind]]. 

Jot down any victories or accomplishments that were particularly meaningful. 

Jot down any thoughts or hypothesis on what Your next steps might be. 

Cleanse your body and freshen up so that You look and smell pleasant for Your Loved Ones. 

Take at least 5 minutes for a [[Centering and Aligning Prayer]] and short [[Meditation]]. 

Ask God and Your Self how You might be best able to Love and Serve Your Loved Ones this evening. 

Then engage well. Be gentle. Be kind. Hug and kiss Your Loved Ones. Tell them You Love them. And resolve to treat Your time with them as if it might be Your last. 

___
## Part VI: Elevating and Transforming Your Mind
In addition to the reading that is part of Your Morning Practice, spend at least 30 minutes a day reading the next most important thing for You to read. 

The interplay between Meditating, Reading, Writing, and Focused Action will elevate and transform Your Mind. 

___
## Part VII: Elevating and Transforming Your Body
In addition to the short physical activity in Your Morning Routine, spend at least 30 minutes a day exercising Your body. 

If You do not have another Practice, We can Guide You in a martial art that is purpose-built to be integral with the rest of the Lionsberg System and Philosophy. 
___

## Part VIII: Preparing For Sleep
Before You go to sleep, take 15 minutes to prepare. 

Sleep is a critical time, and it is critical that it is put to its proper use. 

Clear the Fog - jot down any lingering thoughts, worries, or concerns that are weighing on Your Mind. 

Giving Your Mind An Assignment - write down a question that You would like Your Mind to work on processing during the night. 

Take at least 5 minutes for a [[Centering and Aligning Prayer]] and short [[Meditation]]. 

Then sleep in such a Way that Your Mind and Spirit continue to commune with God. 

___
## Part IX: Accountability 
We would strong recommend that You attempt to act this out in Community. Find some people around You that would benefit from this Practice, and learn how to embody it together and hold One Another accountable. Practice takes Discipline, and Discipline requires Accountability. 

You can use the same basic organizing principles found in [[Forging Or Joining A Team]] to Forge or Join a [[Community of Practice]]. 

___
## Part IX: Continuously Elevating Your Practice
The Practice suggested above is merely an Integrated and articulating Starting Point. 

Take it and make it Your own. 

Your [[Practice]] and Your [[Way]], like all elements of Your Being and Your Work and Your World, should get [[A Little Better Every Day]] because You are striving to make them so. 


___

Forward to [[4.5 Closing Reflection]]  
Back to [[4.3 Recap]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Power of Today]]  