# 0.5 A Teacher is Only a Guide
We have discovered that we cannot actually teach. 

We can only guide those who genuinely want to learn. 

We can show you the Way towards the Goal, however you are the hero who must voluntarily choose to embark with your whole being on a journey to progressively discovering and becoming your destiny. 

You are the one who must be willing to venture out of the Old into the New and Uknown. 

You are the one who must test yourself, forge yourself, and transform yourself into the kind of being that is able to navigate through the dangers, toils, and snares of Unknown, to reach the Noble Goal of [[Your Quest]]. 

Remember that those you may look to as "teaching" you are merely guides to help you learn, explore, discover, and draw out the unique potential that is already inherent within you. And remember that as a teacher helps you learn, you help them learn. We are all teachers. We are all guides. 

You are not an empty vessel to be filled up. You are full of something beyond your imagination that is longing to express itself through you into embodied [[Reality]] for the benefit of [[All]].

You are not a block of clay destined to be formed into the image or ideas of someone else. You are block of clay being formed into a unique and special manifestation of the [[One]].  

You are a unique and important Creation, meant to properly attune the fullness of your being to the fundamental harmonizing tone of [[Ultimate Reality]] so that the universal [[Way]] can flow freely through the unique vessel [[It]] has created to help make [[Itself]] manifest. 

True progress in the [[Way]] is achieved as we [[All]] [[Help One Another]] progress towards the universal [[Goal]] of discovering and achieving the great potential that is already latent within us and longing to emerge and manifest [[Itself]].

Far more important than choosing the right art, is choosing the right [[Guide]], who can show you the eternal [[Way]] that lies beyond all names, all forms, all institutions, and all knowing.

The [[Way]] is an experiential [[Reality]], not a named art or form. Transcend all names and forms, and find a wise [[Guide]] who can show you the [[Way]] [[Beyond]]. 

In the final account, the question is not about martial arts, but the purpose and meaning of life, and whether you succeeded or fail in your [[Quest]] towards the [[Goal]].  

In the end, that will be all that matters.

But do not worry, do not be afraid. We will be right there beside you, walking with you, progressing with you. We too have our own feet on the path. We too are still learning and progressing. 

In fact, the farther we have travelled in the Way, the farther we realize we are away from the Goal. 

It is a strange, mysterious, wonderful and intoxicating thing when you realize that there is more within you and more beyond you than you can possibly imagine, and that it is possible to bring those things into ever greater unity, even as the perceived distance between them grows. 

This is one of the many mysteries of the Way. 

However to truly know and understand these words, you will have to venture out and experience the Reality beyond your existing Boundary. 

