# 1.10 Always Beginning
In the process of progressively stripping away elements of the Old so that the New could emerge, there was a time when we called this Martial element of the Way _Shoshin Budo._

This translates from Japanese as (something like): _The Martial Way of the Beginners Mind._

We still miss that name, however we discovered that by adding any word to the simple word [[Way]], it inordinately prioritized one aspect of the Way over others. In the end, the [[Way]] is [[One]] so it cannot be named without deviating from the entirety of the Universal and Eternal Ultimate Reality. 

However like the [[One]], it can described with many names and superlatives that help articulate various aspects of its nature. 

One aspect of the nature of the [[Way]] is Shoshin.

[[Shoshin]] is a Japanese word that refers to having a [[Mind]] that is open, eager, curious, in awe, and devoid of preconceptions about that which it is approaching. It is the state of [[Mind]] in which nothing is fixed, and anything is possible. 

It is the akin to the concepts of the continual return to [[Childlike Faith]], or the continual return to the [[State of the Uncarved Block]]. The father one progresses in the [[Way]], the more critical this disciplined state becomes to maintain. 

It is precisely the combination of an ever-more-competent Being that is always beginning that is the most powerful conduit of the Spirit. 

Shoshin is the antidote to corruption, ossification, and decay. The more you progress towards the Mastery, the easier it is to think that you [[Know]] and to close your mind to the [[New]] that is trying to reveal itself to you. 

The degree of [[Shoshin]] could perhaps be measured by (something like) the number of degree of possibilities one can perceive. 

To the one who is just beginning _anything is possible_, and the pure childlike [[Faith]] that _anything is possible_ is the precondition to us being able to take up the [[Old]] mountains and cast them into the sea.

We are always beginning. This Guide is always beginning. 

Everything New thing that we discover, every New thing we do, becomes [[Story]] and a [[Prophesy]] of even greater things to be discovered and done in the future. 

The life of every Master is not a pinnacle, but a [[Prophesy]] of the even-greater things to be done in the future. 

Our Minds, like the Universe, and like the Way, must always be only "half full" and flowing. It is neither a void of nothingness, nor so full that it cannot readily accept far more. 

This is the state in which one is simultaneously both fully fledged, and just beginning. 

This is the state of Power. 

Forged. Disciplined. Competent. Capable. Yet progressively learning and transforming at an accelerating rate towards an ever higher state of existence. 

Remember, the [[New]] is already perfect, and yet it continues to [[Become]] [[A Little Better Every Day]]

The moment one believes they “know” the [[Way]], the possibility of knowing the [[Way]] is removed is removed in that instant. 

Having encountered another tiny fragment of [[Ultimate Reality]], they grab onto it and try to possess it and bring it back through the [[Boundary]]. The moment they cross the [[Boundary]], the fragment turns into a false idol that possesses them, and makes the blind, deaf, and enslaved again. 

They are like a block of wood that has been carved for one specific use, and has therefore become useless for all other things. Every other potential is removed the moment one is carved into a narrow understanding. 

The moment one makes an image of the [[One]], it becomes an idol. 

Neither the [[Way]] or the [[One]] can ever be fully brought back through the [[Boundary of Knowing]]. 

The moment one lets go of their Idol and truly understands that they they Do Not Know, the possibility of knowing is restored, and the [[Quest]] towards the [[Goal]] can resume. 

Always return to the beginning. Return to the state of the uncared block. Never become more than half full. Never lose your childlike awe and wonder. 

Half full, eternally receiving, eternally flowing, always moving, never stagnant, always in [[Flow]]. 