# 1.3 The Bondage of the Old Ways
As your Spirit awakens, arises, and beckons you out beyond the Boundary, you will find yourself beset by chains, ties, and bondage. 

It may feel as if a thousand little ties and little beings are attached to you and holding you down. 

Everyone who advances towards Mastery _must_ inevitably break with the [[Old]] in order to bring forth the [[New]] that they are destined to give birth to. 

_There was a master named Kamil. He was an ancient warrior spirit who found himself thrown into modern day Syria. Over his lifetime of focused attention, he distilled the wisdom from many arts around the year, taught for over 50 years, and became one of two 7th degree black belts in the world in a traditional martial art._ 

_We walked together over the last 10+ years of his life, as we wrestled with the pain and discomfort of transcending the limitations and strictures and corruption of the [[Old]] forms, in order to rediscover and return to the most [[True]] and [[Eternal]] [[Way]]. For Kamil, it was a shocking moral, spiritual, and intellectual battle, for in exchange for [[Knowledge]] he had pledged to honor and advance the [[Old]] until his death. Yet the farther he progressed and the higher he rose and the closer he got to pinnacle of that pyramid of knowledge, the more he realized that he was stuck inside of something that wasn't absolutely [[True]], and could not contain his expression of his [[Current Best Understanding]]. It was obvious that there was something far transcendent of that little pyramid of dogmatic understanding._

_We rediscovered the ancient [[Truism]] that [[New]] wine cannot be poured into [[Old]] wineskins, or the Old will burst, and both the New and the Old will be ruined. Instead, the [[New]] wine must be poured into [[New]] wineskins. In the end, we discovered a way to honor the [[Old]], while forthrightly recognizing its corruption and limitations, and forging [[New]] structure through which we could freely express the [[New]] yet [[Eternal]] that was re-revealing itself to us and through us. It followed the eternal pattern of [[Realization]]._

_However it is excruciatingly difficult to have your feet planted in both words. There are very few who can stand with one foot in the [[Old]] and one in the [[New]] in order to create a [[Bridge]] across the [[Chasm]]._

_In contrast to the [[Old]] that stood at one end of the [[Chasm]], the [[New]] was completely clean, new, pure, soft, supple. It was beyond any one named thing. It was the One Thing that united All things present in the [[Old]]. It was an entirely [[new order]] that we had discovered how to forge out of the disjointed pieces and chaos of the [[Old]]. Yet because it was [[True]], it did not conflict with any of the [[True]] principles of the [[Old]]. It only conflicted with the Corruption and Misunderstandings of narrow, provencial, siloed pyramids of knowledge. Yet it harmonized with the core wisdom and spirit of all elements of [[Old]] that were [[True]] and [[Good]]._

_After years of struggle, when we finally discovered the freedom to transcend, we found true joyful liberty of expression. There were no rules and no limitations except [[One]]._

_Yet there was an important crucible that we had to be willing to pass through. We had to be wiling to give up our degrees, our recognition, and our places and positions of honor in the [[Old]]. We had to be willing to be rejected, and if necessary killed by the [[Old]], so that something [[New]] could emerge._

_Finally we stood there, having laid down every element of the [[Old]]. We had dropped every name, we had dropped every form, we had dropped every pretense, we had dropped every certification issued by the [[Old]] Authorities, and all that remained was the [[Truth]] of what would or would not work in [[Reality]] when confronted with the moment of life or death, and the [[Truth]] of what world or would not work in [[Eternity]] that transcended all moments._

_We were uncertified. We were once again white belts. We had layed down our [[Old]] life and returned to the beginning. And because we were willing to allow the [[Old]] to pass away in its entirety without fear, even for our own lives, we were free._

_We spent the next 5 years until he released his physical body working together in earnest to to rediscover and redevelop the Martial elements of the [[New]] yet [[Eternal]] [[Way]] that is always present and alive beyond the pyramids and [[Caves]] of the [[Old]] that separate, bind, and blind us._

_Predictably, we lost part of our [[Old]] life to human-caused disease of the Body, and part of our [[Old]] life to the disease of corruption in the [[Old]] Authorities who plotted against us when we spoke the [[Truth]]. However the Spirit never dies, and always rises. In the moments before his physical body returned to the earth, he prayed that [[God]] would allow his spirit to remain here on earth to protect and help the weak, vulnerable, suffering, and exploiting in his destroyed and corrupted homeland._

This story is told to help prepare everyone who would set their feet on this path for the coming point at which they must break from the old and cross the boundary. 

To reach the point of [[Liberty]] and [[Right Relationship]], we lost life, we lost homes, we lost businesses, we lost properties, we lost reputation, we lost our place in society, we lost religious community, we lost relationships of privilege with the powers of church and state. We were unjustly oppressed and attacked by the authorities we had looked to for leadership and protection. In the darkest hours we were abandoned by friends, forsaken by family, robbed by those we trusted as they fled, forsaken by systems of injustice, called insane, accused by religious fundamentalists of being in league with Satan himself, coerced into writing apologies, dispossed in the harshest ways available, and then charged by the authorities for the time and effort they spent administering our demise. 

We went through this willingly with the recognition that darkness cannot be overcome except through willingness to descend into and shine [[Light]] into it. 

You will likely not have to experience this, because every individual that is liberated from the bondage of the [[Old]] makes it easier for all who come after, especially if they take the care to build infrastructure and bridges to help others beyond the [[Boundary]] and across the [[Chasm]]. 

This story is being told to illustrate in some archetypical way the pain, suffering, and loss, even of all, that one must be willing to undergo in order to walk in this [[Way]]. 

When you give up the certainty and bondage of the [[Caves]] in order to directly experience for yourself [[Light]], [[Truth]], [[Light]], [[Beauty]], and [[Awe]], you loose the privilege of reentering the [[Caves]]. 

This is because in order to be welcomed into the [[Caves]] you have to be willing to repeat the words that are spoken by the Authorities there. 

And once you [[Realize]] that those Words are not [[True]], and that speaking untrue Words betrays your Spirit and Soul, you lose entry. 

It may be a long time until your family, your friends, or your community discover life outside the [[Caves]]. 

So the choice to [[Cross The Chasm]] inherently must involve within itself the willingess to be rejected by them, and leave them behind. For the only thing you can do to liberate them, or any from the Bondage of the [[Old]] is to advance towards the Goal with all your being, and to help as many others as you can advance along with you. 

Having once see something [[New]] that is Better and more True and Good than the Old, one betrays thier own soul and [[Truth]] itself if they are unwilling to transcend the [[Old]] in pursuit of it. If one is not willing to leave behind family, friends, businesses, property, degrees, positions, wealth and power to conform themselves to [[Truth]], they are not fit for the [[New]], and they will suffer and perish in their [[Caves]], or perish wandering in the [[Chasm]] between the [[Old]] and the [[New]].  

One of the first and most important steps in the Quest of any individual towards the [[New]], is their liberation from the [[Old]] frameworks, structures, and stories of their past.  

Are you willing to exit the security of bondage in the [[Old]] in order to [[Cross The Chasm]] and be free in the [[New]]? 

There is indeed much security in remaining bound in the [[Old]], but it is quite limiting, and a betrayal to your soul. There is [[New]] and beautiful world that lies ahead. Let us meet each other there, and help each other along the [[Way]].  

