# 2.0 The Universal and Eternal Way
The [[Way]] is a concept that has been referred to by practitioners of many arts over thousands of years. It stands above and transcendent of everything which can be named. 

It is not a sect or category. It has no name. It cannot be named or boxed in. As soon as we name something and make it “our way”, it ceases to be the true, transcendent, eternal [[Way]] that “our way” is trying to emulate, conform itself to, and embody.

Therefore a primary aspect of the [[Quest]] of life is to progressively understand and elevate “our way” into harmony and conformance with the [[Ultimate]] / [[Ideal]] / [[Most Worthy]] / [[Eternal]] / [[Universal]] / [[Transcendent]] [[Way]].

This [[Way]] must rightly relate us to and harmonize us with the totality of all [[Wisdom]], [[Knowledge]], and all forces and aspects of the [[Reality]] in which we live, move, and breathe.

If it does not, it will not work in [[Reality]]. 

If it does not work in [[Reality]], it is not the [[Way]].

We refer simply to the [[Way]] to make it clear that the path we are traveling, the way in which we walk, the totality of all we encounter, and our untimate Destiny cannot be reduced to a name. Like [[Reality]] and the [[Source]] from which it arises, it is not owned by any tribe / sect / faction / party / group / institution, even though a thousand false structures and leaders will claim it and will attempt to convert and subordinate you.

Our world has become so divided and polarized that words and labels have become difficult to use. Every label conjures up stereotypes in our mind that are completely inaccurate to the complexity of the actual [[Reality]] we attempting to label, categorize, and describe. The reduction of the infinite array of [[Reality]] into various categories that blind and bind us is a great evil we might fight against.

[[Ultimate Reality]] and the [[Way]] we relate to It, proceed from It, and return to It, transcends every human attempt to name, categorize and describe It. It simply is, and we should stand in humility, awe, and childlike wonder in its presence.  

"Who are you?"

"I Am."
