# 4. Puppies and Commitment

[[Commitment]] is a fascinating thing. 

As We [[Collaborate To Transform Our Lives And Our World]], one of the things most missing is [[Something Like]] **Commitment**.  

The first two weeks We had Penny, there was perhaps a small [[Seed of Potential]] within Us All that knew it was possible to give her back without substantial [[Harm]]. Four weeks in, perhaps it is even still there. 

When that Seed is present, there is an aspect of Our Selves that holds back. That protects. That defends. That views the Other as a Threat to the Self and Our Space. That asks not what We can do for the puppy, but what the puppy can do for Us. 

This is a different kind of a relationship. 

What We All long for is [[Something Like]] a sacred [[Covenant Relationship]]. 

What We All long for is [[Something Like]] an [[Agape]] Love. 

A Spiritual, Eternal and Unconditional Mutual Commitment to One Another's Best and Highest Potential.  

That Heaven may not be accessible Here on Earth. But it is something We deeply long for. To be One. To be Whole. And to Know that The Wholeness is Eternal. 

In the continually transforming world of [[The Many]], things always change. Things come. Things go. Things are born. Things die. Each of [[The Many]] things always and inevitably ends. Associative Energy always eventually dissociates. 

The [[Unity]] We long for can only be Fulfilled in the [[One]]. 

Each of [[The Many]] will eventually disappoint and fade away. 

We long to return to the [[One]] We Are Becoming. 

