# 0.1 From The Author

Hello Beloved.  

We are in a chaotic and unprecedented time as the [[Meta Crisis]] begins to unfold. 

[[We Do Not Know]], but it may be that we are sitting on the edge of a quantum phase shift in which the [[Old]] passes away, and something entirely [[New]] emerges. 

If this happens, it will happen rapidly at epic proportion and scale. It may be the kind of moment in history where the Himalayas rise, Atlantis falls, and the world we thought we were living in fades into history. 

It is going to be difficult, but we already now what happens in the end of the Story. 

We are going to awaken, arise, and unite to co-create, out of the ashes of the [[Old]], something entirely [[New]] and [[Good]]. 

None of us can do this alone. 

Yet together, in partnership with [[One]] and [[All]], _anything_ is possible. 

If it of service to you, I have spent the last years with wonderful allies bringing together lifetimes of work to bring forth a comprehensive system / solution / ark to get us through the floodwaters and deserts that lie between the [[Old]] and the [[New]].  

It is an unorthodox approach, but because much of humanity may not have the desire or ability to grapple with all the levels of complexity and abstraction, the entire solution is contained in a Mythical Story. 

And yet the Spirit of the Myth is actually descending down and incarnating itself into structured and embodied form. 

The Myth and the Incarnation are called [[Lionsberg]]. 

Welcome to what might turn out to be the greatest adventure in history.  