# 6.10 From Good to God

What lies beyond the highest and greatest [[Good]] of which we can conceive? 

What is that which is so perfectly, completely, and entirely [[Good]], that we cannot even grasp or comprehend it?

What is it that is of such a transcendent Order, that we can only point to It with images, metaphors, and analogies? 
 
This is one domain of [[God]]. The [[Ideal]]. The [[One]]. That which is Most Worthy of Awe, Imitation, Wonder, and Worship. 
 
Yet the word [[God]] in English, and the other names for the [[One]] in many languages, have become extraordinarily problematic to the point of near uselessness in the modern world. 

It is the reason that we are taking the risk to attempt to articulate a [[New]] and more precisely Meaningful language. 
 
People ask one another questions such as: 

“Do you believe in [[God]]?”

For the vast majority of people, this is a question so fundamentally mis-framed that it cannot be answered. When people ask this question, they seem to mean something like: 

“Have you subordinated your spiritual and intellectual will to the same set of articulated propositions about [[God]] that I have?”

This is somewhat equivalent to asking:

“Will you bow down and worship the [[Idol]] that I and the institution or leader I have spiritually subordinated myself to have erected in our consciousness?”

There is a great evil in replacing the [[Absolute]] with a concretized form. 

Principle: Never attempt to [[Concretizing The Absolute|Concretize the Absolute]]. 
 
No one can grasp or comprehend the the [[Ultimate Reality]] Which Creates and Sustains the Universe. 

No earthly authority gets to decide on what concretized set of propositions or beliefs about the [[One]] are “orthodox”. As soon as they are articulated and concretized, they cease the presencing of the [[Ultimate Reality]] and replace it with an [[Idol]]. 
 
The [[One]] is called by a thousand names in a thousand languages. 

A Lion by any other name is still a Lion. 
 
A Mountain by any other name is still a Mountain. 

Those are just [[Word Tools]] that people use to attempt to communicate about something.  
 
[[God]] by any other name is still [[God]]. 
[[One]] by any other name is still the [[One]].

It is a matter of [[Reality]] and Definition, not Religion. 
 
It is the non-propositional [[Reality]] that we must rightly relate to. Not the articulated names or propositions. 

What attributes do people usually attribute to the [[One]]? 
 
The [[One]] Creates, and is the Meta Creator
The [[One]] Sustains, and is the Meta Sustainer
The [[One]] Destroys, and is the Meta Destroyer
The [[One]] Knows, and is the Meta Knower
The [[One]] Judges, and is the Meta Judge
The [[One]] is the most Merciful
The [[One]] is the most Fierce
The [[One]] is the most Loving
The [[One]] is the most Just
The [[One]] is the most Pure
The [[One]] is Sovereign, and is the Meta Sovereign
The [[One]] Bestows, and is the Meta Bestower
The [[One]] Oversees, and is the Meta Overseer
The [[One]] is Supreme 
The [[One]] is Absolute  
The [[One]] is Exalted and Lifted Up Above All Else  
The [[One]] is Powerful, and is the Meta Power
The [[One]] Protects, and is the Meta Protector
The [[One]] Cares, and is the Meta Carer
The [[One]] is Conscious, and is the Meta Consciousness.
The [[One]] Causes, and is the Meta Cause. 
The [[One]] is Uncaused
The [[One]] is the most Wise
The [[One]] is the most Glorious
The [[One]] is the most Awesome
The [[One]] is Eternal
The [[One]] is Good, and is the [[Meta Good]]. 
The [[One]] is [[Ideal]]
The [[One]] is [[One]] 
The [[One]] Is. 
 
The [[One]] is transcendent of whatever is associated with It. 

For this reason people call the [[One]]:

The Superlative of Superlatives
The Lord of Lords
The King of Kings
The Most High
The Most Great

These superlatives by definition can only apply to [[One Thing]], and are used in the same way that [[Meta]] is used throughout this text. 

Critically at the absolute top of the [[Meta Order]], all these [[Values]] or [[Goods]] are unified in [[One Thing]], which is the [[Absolute]], the [[One]]. 

The propositions, descriptions, and superlatives above are merely descriptions, epithets, and personifications of something [[Absolute]], inscrutable, ineffable, and beyond comprehension. 

They are collectively, taken in their entirely and applied to [[One Thing]], approximately [[True]], and useful enough for us to [[All]] understand what we are talking about when we say [[One]] or [[God]] or [[Creator]], or use any of the other 1,000 names that point towards the [[One]]. 

Whatever description, name, or [[Word Tool]] one uses, the key is to look as far, as wide, and as deep beyond the [[Word Tool]] as possible, so that you begin to approach and comprehend the [[Ultimate Reality]] Who transcends and encompasses all names. 
 
I am conscious. My consciousness gains light. I apprehend the [[One]]. I approach the [[One]]. I experience the [[One]].
 
It is Real. It is Vibrant. It is Alive. It Speaks. It is a Mystery. It progressively Reveals ever more of Itself. The closer I get to It, the more I [[Know]] It. The closer I get to It, the more of a Mystery It becomes. The closer I get to It, the more I am unified with It. The closer I get to it, the closer I am to [[Oneness]]. 

It feels like a rapturous Divine romance. It is [[Love]]. It is a Divine dance. It is a Divine intertwining. It is a Divine intimacy. 

Where else can one find such intimacy and closeness? It is within me. Breathing me. Speaking me. 
 
But I cannot comprehend the [[One]], or bring the [[Reality]] of It back through the [[Boundary of Knowing]]. It is too great. It is too vast. It is too complex to ever be captured or grasped. 
 
So I abstract out its essence into something like a [[Thought]] or [[Image]] that immediately loses information and ceases to be the [[Reality]].
 
I have not yet even spoken about It, and already we are in danger. We are no longer interacting with the [[Reality]], but a representation of It in my [[Mind]]. 
 
By the time I stoop to represent the image with a word or a name, there is very little left of the [[Reality]]. 

The word uttered from my lips falls and clatters on the floor. 
  
By naming It to bring it through the [[Boundary of Knowing]], I have killed Its essence. The representation grows cold. It freezes. 
 
You might still recognize it, but it is nothing like the [[Reality]]. 
 
It is now a product of human creation. It is now a lifeless representation.
 
Nevertheless I must communicate, I must articulate, I must create, so I write the words in hope that maybe they will move the worlds. 

Perhaps since I cannot represent It in words, I can attempt to allow It to speak through me. 
 
Perhaps one day some child will find the words, follow the [[Golden Thread]], discard the chaff, and find their [[Way]] back to the [[Reality]] of the [[One]].  

If even one finds their way back to the [[One]], it is all worth it. 
 
Maybe if I lay enough [[Golden Thread]], woven in enough ways, they will discover the [[One]] they all lead to.
 
One thread is all it takes to leads back to the [[One]]. 

And yet every blade of grass, every sunset, every being, every grain of sand, every tree, every plant, every child, every thought, every breath, every Good, every wonder is a [[Golden Thread]]. 

We can follow any of them back the [[One]], if we would actually stop and look deeply enough. 

If you don’t know where else to start, stop, and bring the fullness of your attention onto your breath. If you simply meditate on your breath, and study your breath for long enough, you will find your way to the [[One]], and discover that the Most Good Thing is breathing you into [[Being]].

Just like the Story said. 

___

[[Left Off Here]]  




