# 6.11 The Big Man In The Sky

What do you think of the [[One]], or whatever name you point towards [[God]] with? What do you consider Its nature or essence to be? 
 
We look around and see the majesty of [[All]] that is being created and sustained. We know that it is not us that is creating [[All]] this. We know that something surpassingly Great and Beyond us is giving rise to both us and [[All]] things. 

What kinds of things do we know that create? We create. 

So we begin to imagine. 

We begin to anthropomorphize. 

We think that perhaps It must be something like us, some creative being, only bigger and “out there”. 
 
Father God. The big man up in the sky.

Yet as soon as we devolve the [[Ultimate Reality]] giving rise to [[All]] into the image of a old man up in the sky, It is instantly tainted by our own good and bad experience with the masculine, with our own fathers, or with our ideas of what a man or a father is or ought to be. 
 
When you are ready, it is time to transcend these elementary notions. 

They are reasonably effective to teach children how to pray, relate, and orient themselves to some extent to the [[Ultimate Reality]] of the [[One]]. 

Even Jesus taught followers to pray in this way: 

_Our Father, who art in Heaven, Hallowed be Thy Name... May Thy Kingdom come, and Thy will be done, on Earth as it is Heaven._  

It is a perfect prayer. Aligning us in the simplest way with the will and intention of the Supreme Father and Ultimate King. 

And yet Jesus also prayed something far more mysterious: 

_I pray that they would be one, even as We are one._

If we are going to step forward into that true universal movement towards [[Oneness]] through [[Love]], towards true [[Higher Order Functional Unity]] as One Body and Mind... 

...we are going to have to move beyond our elementary understanding and bedtime prayers, into a True, experiential, Embodied Oneness, Partnership, and Right Relationship with the [[One]].  


