# 6.12 The Deepest Thing

If our elementary notions are inadequate, then what is It? What is the nature of That Which Creates And Sustains The Universe?

First and foremost, It is, and must always remain, a Mystery beyond the [[Boundary of Knowing]]. 

We [[Perceive]] some aspects of the [[Physical]] world. We [[Experience]] some aspects of the [[Metaphysical]] world. 

What is the nature of this deeper [[Metaphysical]] or Spiritual realm that gives rise to the Physical realm? 

We understand very intuitively that there is something much deeper happening than the shallow physical representations of It.  

The history of religion and spirituality is a study of our attempts to grapple with the deepest things, all the way down to the [[Deepest Thing]]. 

That Upon Which The Most Other Things Depend.  

That Upon Which [[All]] Depends. 

The First Cause. 

The Foundation. 

Look deeper. Look deeper.  
  
Look deeper, until you begin to experientially encounter the [[ONE]] that [[All]] depends upon. 

That is the [[Deepest Thing]]. 

That is the [[ONE]]. 

At the Deepest and Highest levels of analysis, there is simply [[All]], and there is simply [[ONE]]. 

On your Quest ever Deeper, do not stop short of the [[ONE]]. If you stop short of That Which Hovers Above The Waters Of Chaos And Speaks Forth The Universe, you will drown in the waves of [[Chaos]]. 

Go to the [[Absolute]] center of the hurricane of [[Chaos]]. 

Penetrate the walls and discover the the peace and stillness that surpasses all understanding. 

There, in the [[Absolute]] [[Center]], in the [[Absolute]] Depths and Heights, at the Bottom and Top of [[All]], is [[ONE]]. 

Commune with its [[Spirit]]. 

[[At-One]] with It. 

It is longing for [[Right Relationship]] and [[Oneness]] with you. 

Return to It. Feels Its perfectly Loving embrace. 

It Loves you. More than you could ever know. 

We Love you. 

___

Forward to [[6.13 Decomposing And Articulating Notions Of The One]]          
Back to [[6.11 The Big Man In The Sky]]          
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  
