# 6.14 Recomposing Notions Of The One

The same [[Creative Consciousness]] that can decompose and articulate elements of the [[ONE]] across [[Space]] and [[Time]], also recomposes those elements back into an approximation of the [[Whole]]. 

You can arrive at the [[ONE]] by working from the top down, or from the bottom up. 

Looking at billions of instances, observing categorical Prototypes, abstracting out Archetypes, and then going to limit of Abstraction to find the [[Central Animating Spirit]] of [[All]], which by definition and logic must be [[ONE]].  

You can also arrive at the [[All]] by working from the top down. 

Looking at the [[ONE]], abstracting out Its essential characteristics into [[Archetypes]], laying out an array of [[Prototypes]], that in turn manifest in billions of instances. 

You can also replace top and bottom above so that instead of looking at the [[ONE]] as the King of Kings, you are looking at [[ONE]] as the [[Foundation]] or Ground of Being of All. 

_The Greatest is the Servant of All._

Stretching the limits of [[Consciousness]], zooming in to the most micro manifestation that we can conceptualize, and then zooming out to the most macro totality that we can conceptualize, starting from the bottom and working up to the top, starting from the top and working down to the bottom, starting from the outside and looking in, starting from the inside and looking out. 

Looking ever deeper. Looking ever higher. Looking ever wider. Looking ever smaller. 

Always returning to the [[Center]]. Always returning to the [[Whole]]. 

Rightly Relating to [[ONE]] and [[All]], to the entire Gegstalt of Creation and Its Source, never getting caught in the middle, always reemerging and rediscovering the [[Whole]]. 

Remember, if you ever get lost anywhere in the [[All]], return to the [[ONE]].    

___

Forward to [[6.15 Spirit, Archetypes, Prototypes, Instantiations]]          
Back to [[6.13 Decomposing And Articulating Notions Of The One]]          
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  
