# 6.16 Concrete And Abstract Idolatry

It is interesting to note that many different wisdom traditions have arrived at a shared concern with a [[Sin]] that we now consider very archaic, namely [[Idolatry]].  

Perhaps it is more relevant than ever. 
 
[[Idolatry]] is often thought of in the sense in which it was railed against by the prophets of the Abrahamic religions, and invokes the imagery of people ceremonially sacrificing to statues of ‘their gods’. 
 
Abrahamic religions hold the [[One]] to be so sacred, that they forbid making a representation of It, or in the case of some, even naming It. 
 
In other religions, perhaps most notably the religions of India, representations are embraced with the full knowledge that they are merely symbolic representations of spiritual ideas which help focus one’s religious devotion towards various aspects of the [[Absolute]]. They are used as energetic focal points of attention, with full awareness of the [[Reality]] that the Symbol and the Spiritual Idea it points to are not the [[Absolute]]. 

Why would there be such grave concern with how and whether to represent the [[Divine]]?

What is the deeper issue at stake here? 

[[Life]] and [[Society]] exist within a hierarchy or order of [[Values]]. 

It is the [[Order]] of our [[Values]] and [[Loves]] that determines the [[Quality]] of [[Life]] and [[Society]]. 

The core issue of [[Idolatry]] is the corruption of the [[Order]]. 

It is the articulation of anything into a name or form that then becomes the [[Central Organizing Principle]]. 

There is only [[One]] [[Central Organizing Principle]]. 

There is only [[One Thing]] that can Properly Order and Rightly Relate [[All]] other things within Itself, and that is their deepest [[Source]]. 

There is only [[One]] that entirely comprehends the [[Logos]] that orders [[Life]]. 
  
At issue is the reality that our Loves, Intentions, Motivations, Goals, etc. must be reconciled and integrated into a [[Higher Order Functional Unity]] in order for us to properly function and manifest ourselves in the world. 
 
The question is “What belongs at the [[Absolute]] top of a properly ordered hierarchy of [[Intentions]]?” What is rightly the [[Most High]] [[Intention]]?
 
There is only [[One]] [[Answer]] that works. 

There is only [[One]] [[Logic]] that solves the equation. 
 
It is [[One]]. It is [[Absolute]]. 
 
Because the [[One]] can be apprehended but not comprehended, approached but not grasped, partially but not fully known…
 
It cannot be grasped by the [[Left Hemisphere]], placed in the container of the [[Known]], and brought back through the [[Boundary of Knowing]]. 
 
The entire [[Gestalt]] or [[Spirit]] of It can only be vaguely glimpsed by the [[Right Hemisphere]], forever to remain living, breathing, progressively revealing Itself when we dare to venture outside the [[Boundary]] to encounter It. 
 
This creates immense potential for the truly damaging act that will prevent you from ever Truly Knowing or Rightly Relating to [[Ultimate Reality]], which is [[Abstract Idolatry]]. 
 
[[Abstract Idolatry]] is when you mistake your own limited cognitive [[Perception]] of the [[One]] for the [One] itself, and subordinate your spiritual and intellectual will to that understanding. 

When you bring some limited, low resolution, vague representation of [[Ultimate Reality]] back through the [[Boundary]], treat it as if it were the real thing, and demand that others do the same. 
 
In this sense, the entire [[Dogma]] of fundamental religions often devolves into exactly the [[Idolatry]] they warn against. 
 
The “priests” go out and supposedly encounter the experiential [[Reality]] of the [[One]]. They (very partially) Understand an infinitesimally small aspect of the total [[Ultimate Reality]]. They then dare to try to articulate it into a form in their own minds. They then try to articulate the mental form into impressions or images. They then try to articulate the impressions into concepts and propositions. They then dare to reduce the ideas to words. They then dare to declare the articulated propositions about [[Ultimate Reality]] the authoritative form. They then institutionalize the form, construct the costumes and rituals, establish the certifying authorities, and act as if they are the keepers of [[God]]. 
 
And then they go out and actually make billions of people subordinate their own spiritual and intellectual will to the dictates of the self-professed spiritual elite. 
 
This is entirely corrupted, idolatrous false religion, and the vast majority in the [[Old World]] devolved to this sad and crippled state of decay. 
 
It is extremely abusive and confusing because they further proclaim that anyone who doesn’t conform to their (idolatrous false religion) is engaged in an (idolatrous false religion) and going to hell. 

This is spiritual abuse of the worst kind. 
 
All such religions are false and idolatrous, so we can dispense with subordinating ourselves to any of them and become the [[Sovereign]], free, rightly related [[Individuals]] we were created to be. 

Voluntary, sovereign, autonomous, direct, personal, [[Right Relationship]] with [[One]], [[One Another]], and [[All]] is the only [[Way]] to the [[Goal]]. 

In some religions, the priests will not even admit you into the temple that they claim is the place of the [[One]]. 

The [[Reality]] is that you are the temple and the [[One]] is living within you. 

Both the [[Temple]] and the [[Kingdom]] are within you, and you are a King and a Priest, a Queen and Priestess. 

You are inherently and innately equal in stature before [[God]] to every King, Priest, and authority on Earth. 

You do not need their permission. You do not need their blessing. You do not need their prayers. You do not need their forgiveness. 

All permission, all blessing, all prayers, all forgiveness come from [[One]], who already knows your every thought and longs for relationship with you. 

All things that come from the [[One]] do not flow from the [[One]] to the institutions and authorities. They flow directly from the [[One]] into every living [[Being]] that is also flowing from the [[One]]. 

The only purpose of human institutions is to serve as instruments of this Spirit and flow.

If they are not in service to the flow of the [[One]] into [[Reality]], they are purely wasteful blockages, and have no place in the [[New World]]. 

___

Forward to [[6.17 Beyond The Masculine Anthropomorphic God]]          
Back to [[6.15 Spirit, Archetypes, Prototypes, Instantiations]]          
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
