# 6.18 Consciousness And Its Source

I Am. 

I Think. 

I Write. 

What is the “I” that is Being? 

What is the “I” that is thinking. 

What is the “I” that is writing? 

What is the “I” that is observing “me” being, and thinking, and writing?

Why can “I” observe “me” as if “I” am something and somewhere else? 

Even beyond the unfathomable mystery of [[Life]] itself is the even more profound mystery of [[Consciousness]]. 
 
After many decades of certainty that a little more scientific research would unlock the explanation and origin of consciousness, and how it relates to being, here we are, forced to admit the magic words that unlock the possibility of [[Knowing]]: 
 
“[[We Do Not Know]]”. 
 
Research to date has been unable to disconfirm the hypothesis that consciousness might be one of the elementary and irreducible constituents of the universe. 
 
Or a step further, that the universe may even exist within or emanate from a field of [[Consciousness]].   
 
Consciousness is not something that we have been able to “build up” from our biological components. 
 
It is an entirely different type of thing all together. 
 
It is a primary thing. 

It is perhaps *the* primary thing. 
 
Creation myths from around the world nearly universally presuppose a conscious [[Being]] from Whom the universal manifestation emanates. 
 
In order to Be, Being may need to be conscious. 

And surely the Source of Being is not any less Conscious than Being? 

In order to develop into its fullness, [[Consciousness]] may need to be embodied.

Consciousness may be trying to [[Realize]] Itself. 

Is not that the way we, [[Conscious Agents]] created in the [[Image]] of the [[One]], create? 

Do we not think, do we not imagine, do we not pull things from the depths of our [[Selves]] into [[Reality]]? 

What is the depths of our [[Selves]]?

What is beyond the depths of [[Selves]], where Self ceases be and [[One]] is? 

From where or what are we pulling these images and ideas? 

What is this Fount of Being that we dip the bucket down into, to draw up [[Wisdom]] and Inspiration from the deep? 

What is the Deep inside of us, that cries out to the Deep outside us? 
 
This is the great Mystery. 
 
When you [[Dialogue]] with people, it becomes apparent that there is a [[Reality]] that is (something like) a spectrum of [[Consciousness]], which can range from polluted / contaminated / corrupted / Endarkened on one side, to very simple and neutral awareness in the middle, to extraordinarily pure / wise / developed / enlightened on other side. 
 
While Endarkened [[Consciousness]] appears to fracture and split into any number of directions of unsoundness, and as such collectively constitutes a cacophony of [[Chaos]]…
 
…enlightened [[Consciousness]] appears to converge towards something like a harmonious unity of [[Order]] and [[Understanding]] of a [[Central Animating Spirit]] and [[Logos]]. 

Enlightened Consciousness strikes us like a symphony. 
 
When the wisest, most respected, and most enlightened representatives from a diverse array of backgrounds, philosophical, or spiritual traditions are in the presence of [[One Another]], they feel very much akin to [[One Another]]. 

Clarified [[Consciousness]] grows ever more like the [[Consciousness]] of the [[One]] who Loves [[All]]. 

We experience this very tangibly as if [[All]] clarifying [[Consciousness]] is progressively conforming itself to the same [[Image]] or [[Ideal]]. 

It is as if [[All]] clarifying and enlightening [[Consciousness]] is progressively conforming itself to [[One]]. 

If we are [[All]] being conformed to [[One]], then we are progressing inextricably towards perfect [[Oneness]] through [[Love]]. 
 
We feel as if we are in the presence of a brother or sister, or as if we have found another piece of our [[Selves]]. We can immediately recognize in [[One Another]] another the living embodiment of the same higher [[Spirit]] or [[Mind]], even if we come from different traditions or tribes, or use different [[Word Tool|Word Tools]]. 
 
We sense that we have grown and been transformed into a common [[Understanding]] of the same Non-Propositional Realities, even if we articulate them in different languages. 
 
Our Minds hold very similar Ideas, and when we help [[One Another]] clarify our Minds further, we each come into higher transcendent shared understanding of That Which We Are Clarifying Towards.

It is phenomenologically an extraordinarily different experience than the endarkened debating of personal opinion.

It is the enlightened clarifying or discernment of transcendent and universal  [[Truth]].  
 
The great convergence of these Ideas towards the same End makes it seem like a very strange or misstated conception to imagine that “we” are “thinking” these ideas. 
 
When one “thinks” such things, the experience one has is not at all that one has “thought up” these ideas, which just happen to match the ideas of others walking in the same [[Way]].
 
The very clear and obvious experience is that the same Ideas that have burst in upon us and revealed themselves as obviously [[True]] have miraculously, simultaneously, and against all odds given their absolute complexity, burst in upon the other as well. 

Thoughts so dangerous or unlikely that we shudder to think, much less speak them in our present culture, are later confirmed in nearly precisely equivalent conceptual language by another writing in a different language, in a different place, in a different time in history, in an entirely different cultural context.  

These are the Golden Threads. 
 
There is also the very obvious and observable element in the dialogue of the remainders of dross, as it where, which have not yet been fully burned out by the refining fire which is purifying both Consciousnesses as they converge ever closer towards [[Unity]] with the the [[Source]] of [[Consciousness]], and therefore and by definition closer and closer towards [[Oneness]] with [[One Another]]. 
 
How else to more simply describe this than the obvious [[Realization]] and [[Experience]] of the universal movement towards [[Unity]] through [[Love]] that is the defining movement of the Spiritual Element of the [Universe]. 
 
Towards Oneness through [[Love]]. 

This is the [[Way]] towards the [[Goal]].
 
Thus the experience that one has, the way one acts, and the articulations that flow from one who is far enough along the [[Way]] is not at all they they are thinking the Ideas, but rather it almost becomes the inverse. 
 
The experience they have is that the Ideas are thinking them. 

Yet without becoming [[Ideology]], for there are no Boundaries and the Knowing is Non-Propositional. 
 
It becomes extraordinarily difficult to discern whether (they) are [[Realizing]] the [[Ideas]], or whether the [[Ideas]] are [[Realizing]] them. 
 
It becomes very difficult to understand whether (they) have grasped Something, or whether Something has grasped (them). 
 
The vistas open, [[Reality]] is revealed, and [[Consciousness]] grows ever closer to its [[Source]]. As it grows closer to its [[Source]], it  Reconciles or Conforms itself to the Absolute Standard of Source, and is, simultaneously and in direct proportion to the respective degrees of Reconciliation of All Things, simultaneously Reconciled unto (them).
 
The end of this [[Way]] is the total [[Reconciliation]] of [[All]] Things with [[One]] and [[One Another]]. 
 
However when [[All]] Things have been fully [[Reconciled]], we will Understand that there is no such thing as a thing as we previously conceived of it. 

We will understand that there is Ultimately only [[One]]. 

And yet [[All]] are, even as [[One]] Is. 
 
What we have just articulated is likely something that can only be [[Known]] through direct experience. At least it was for us. 

The words fail and drop dead at the [[Boundary]].

It feels almost as if they shouldn’t be spoken. 

To know the [[Way]] one must live it. 

And yet how we wish the words we now struggle to articulate were spoken to us! 

How much pain and suffering they could have saved us along the [[Way]], had only our eyes been opened a little sooner. 

And so we offer them up simply as bread crumbs for the [[Quest]]. 

You will [[Know]] when you begin to [[Experience]] It. You will Remember. You will [[Know]] you are on the right path. The ancient path. The ancient [[Way]]. Getting ever closer to the [[Ultimate Reality]] that is receding into the infinite distance of Unity. 

Getting ever closer to the [[Goal]] that recedes with each step, yet somehow envelops and consumes you ever more. 
 
How we should orient our [[Consciousness]] to the [[Source]] of [[Consciousness]] is very similar to how, on any level of analysis, the we is to relate to the [[One]] through which [[All]] arises. 
 
Humility. Awe. Celebration. Love. Desire. And a rapturous relational journey towards something that ever more fully approximates [[Oneness]] with [[One]] and [[One Another]].  

It is the greatest spiritual intercourse imaginable. 

Better than sex. Better than life. 
 
It may be that we will continue to discover that the [[One]] from Whom both [[Energy]] and [[Consciousness]] arise is more like a [[Mind]] or a Personality than anything else. 

We may continue to discover that It is thinking us and speaking us and [[All]] into [[Being]], moment by moment. 

We may continue to discover that we are creatively [[Conscious Agents]], flowing from the [[Source]] of [[Creative Consciousness]] and [[Agency]] itself. 

As we discover this, we should conform our [[Self]] ever more closely to Its image.

Ever closer to the [[Mind]] and [[Image]] of the [[One]]. 

___

Forward to [[6.19 The Nature And Location Of The Source]]          
Back to [[6.17 Beyond The Masculine Anthropomorphic God]]          
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
