# Untitled

What is the affect of soaring to such heights, and encountering the [[ONE]]? 
 
What is the affect of discovering the [[Reality]] of Its Presence within us? 
 
When we experience the awe, wonder, and potential that accompanies [[Being]] in the presence of the [[ONE]], we soon thereafter encounter a second shocking [[Reality]], which is the [[Reality]] of pain, suffering, and the inadequacy and who we currently are, and how our world currently is. 
 
When we encounter the [[ONE]], and discover the [[Potential]] of What Could Be, and we analyze our present [[Reality]], we inevitably [[Realize]] that who we currently are and where we currently are is entirely unsuitable for [[Who We Are Becoming]] and [[Where We Are Going]].  
 
The [[ONE]], the [[Ultimate]], the [[Ideal]] is also a [[Judge]]. It is also an [[Absolute]] Standard. 

It is the [[Standard]] that weighs and measures [[All]]. 
 
Our present [[Reality]] stands in stark contrast to our present [[Possibility]]. 
 
This is why we speak and [[Act As If]] it “is a shame” when someone fails to live up to their [[Potential]]. 

This is why we speak and [[Act As If]] unrealized [[Potential]] is a “waste”. 

This is why we encourage our children to discover and become the fullness of who they are uniquely created to be. 
 
In addition to the upward calling and experience of the [[Divine]], it is also our encounter with the [[Reality]] of pain and suffering that compels us to search for greater [[Life]], [[Light]], [[Love]], and [[Meaning]].
 
Potently emergent from the womb of the universe, we collide with a chaotic, disorienting, and uncomfortable [[Reality]]. 
 
We must make sense of this [[Reality]]. We must understand [[Where We Are]], [[How We Got Here]], [[Where We Are Going]], and [[Why]].
 
And then we must rise up, set our feet on the path, and embark on the epic [[Quest]] to voluntarily confront and overcome the [[Chaos]], forge the [[New Order]] ]which is [[Good]], and thereby become who we are destined to Be.
 
We must learn how to move together. Beyond our pain and suffering, and towards the highest [[Goal]] / [[Aim]] / [[Ideal]]. We must shoulder our burden and climb the [[Sacred Mountain]]. Ever up, higher and higher, towards the place where fully enlightening consciousness dwells. 
 
We must climb ever upward, away from [[Old]] and towards the [[New]]. 
 
Out of [[Slavery]] and into [[Liberty]].
 
Towards the Fully Enlightening Collective Consciousness that Continually Co-Creates and Improves its Abode. 
 
This is the [[Way]] towards flourishing and Abundant [[Life]] and [[Liberty]] for [[All]].  
 
This is the [[Way]] of being in continuously improving [[Right Relationship]] with [[ONE]], [[One Another]], and [[All]].

Harmonized with the universal natural and spiritual [[Logos]] and Law. Rightly Related to the universal [[Principles]]. To the Divine Logic. To the [[ONE]]. 
 
It is a process of transforming and being transformed. It is a movement away from suffering and darkness, and towards life and light. It is a movement away from the disintegration and separation of the [[Old]], and towards coherent integrity and wholeness of the [[New]].
 
It is the path we travel towards [[Destiny]]. 
 
It is the [[Way]] towards the [[Goal]]. 
 
It is the universal [[Quest]] towards the [[Highest Aim]]. The Highest Intention. The Greatest Good. 
 
Or even more precisely, towards That Which Lies Beyond The Highest Intention And Greatest Good Of Which We Can Presently Conceive, for the further we travel along the [[Way]], the greater the Divine Light will illuminate our [[Consciousness]], the more we will be able to [[Perceive]], and the more we will Understand that we can only experience but never grasp the fullness of What Is Possible. 
 
The closer we get to the [[Source]], the more Its Light will illuminate our [[Way]], and the greater our ability will become to [[Realize]] Its ultimate [[Goodness]].     
 
What is this [[ONE]] that illuminates our Souls? 
 
Yes – that is the right question. That is the right [[Way]]. Follow that [[Golden Thread]]. 
 
It will lead you to the [[ONE]], Who will envelop you in Its [[Love]]. 

Who will envelop you in Its Self. 

Who will envelop you in Its Quest. 

___

Forward to [[6.21 The Simple Message Of The Quest Towards Oneness Through Love]]          
Back to [[6.19 The Nature And Location Of The Source]]          
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  
