# 6.26 The Tsunami

Who is more deserving of punishment than those who prey on the weak, and in the name of the [[ONE]] oppress Its beloved [[Creation]]? Surely even the stones will rise up and cry out for justice!
 
And indeed they are. 

Can you hear the rumbling? 
 
The earth is shaking and a tsunami of unimaginable proportion is at hand. Rising on the horizon. 

Can you see it? Can you feel it? 
 
Woe to to the false shepherds who manipulate and control the flocks for their own benefit. The repeated forms of righteousness drip from their lips, but inside they are ravenous wolves. 

The great reckoning is coming, and not one stone of their false construction will remain. The chains are falling. Liberation is rising. All things done in secret are being revealed. 
 
A [[New Era]] is [[Inbreaking]] in which [[Truth]], [[Love]], [[Justice]] and [[Wisdom]] will reign supreme, and the great wheels of [[Justice]] will grind up all [[Oppression]] and [[Injustice]] under their awesome weight.
 
It will be once again clear and simple. 

[[Knowledge]] of the [[ONE]] will cover the earth like floodwaters. The tsunami will sweep the earth, and no power on earth will be able to contain it. The authorities will be like tiny men standing on the shoreline and commanding the great wall of water to cease, until it overtakes them and sweeps them away. They are absolutely powerless in the face of what is coming. 
 
This simple [[Truth]] is that life should be directed in [[Love]] towards [[Unity]] through the [[Spiritual]] element it arises from.
 
[[Life]] is a mighty river flowing towards the [[Goal]] of the [[Loving]] [[Union]] of [[All]] things with [[ONE]] and [[One Another]].

The [[Spirit]] of power, love, freedom, joy, purpose, meaning, abundance, goodness, mercy, justice, truth, faithfulness and unity is beckoning all things unto Its Self.  
 
It is on an eternal [[Quest]], and inviting us to rise up into the fullness of Its power to [[Co-Create]] a [[New World]]], perfectly in keeping with Its Highest Intention and Goal.  

___

Forward to [[6.27 Love, Compassion, and Floodwaters]]          
Back to [[6.25 Hemlock And The Gods Of The State]]          
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  
