# 6.9 What Is Better? What Is Good?

It is a strange thing, this deep [[Knowledge]] and [[Understanding]] that we must do [[Better]]. 

What does that even mean? 

Why is it a concept that [[All]] of us [[Know]]? 

Why does our heart and soul cry out for [[Justice]]? 
 
Why does our heart and soul cry out for [[Truth]] to be revealed? 

Why can we say “That is not [[Fair]]”, or “That is not [[Good]]” and [[All]] [[Know]] what it means? 
 
Why does our heart and soul cry out for something more, for something [[Better]]? 
 
What does [[Better]] mean? What is [[Better]]?

What is it that all [[Creation]] is longing and groaning for? 
 
Something that is [[Better]] is something that is of a superior, higher, or more excellent [[Quality]]. 
 
The moment we invoke the notion of [[Quality]], or comparative [[Goodness]], [[Value]], or [[Worth]], we invoke the idea of a [[Standard]] or [[Ideal]] against which are measuring things. 
 
We invoke the notion that there is something objectively outside of us, against which the relative [[Goodness]] of [[All]] things can be compared. 

We invoke the notion that there is an objective Judge, embodying and upholding a Standard. 
 
This then naturally flows into establishing an [[Order]], or [[Hierarchy]], of relative [[Goodness]], from Most Good to Least Good, or Most [[Anti-Good]]. 
 
At the top of the Order of Goodness is the Most Good. 
 
The [[Ideal]]. The [[Zenith]]. The [[Most Worthy]]. The Most Awesome. The Highest. The Good that contains within Itself and properly Orders all other Goods. The Most High Good. 

The strange thing is that this [[Ideal]] is also a [[Judge]]. 

It is the [[ONE]] who weighs the [[All]]. 

It is the [[ONE]] who determines what is lacking, and what has true [[Value]]. 

The [[ONE]] who determines what is Anti-Good, Good, Better, and Best. 

The Perfect and Objective Standard. The Goal. The Highest and Greatest. The One. 

Against which All else is measured. 

That which conforms more nearly to the Perfect Standard of the One is Better. 

___

Forward to [[6.10 From Good to God]]          
Back to [[6.8 The Failed Institutionalization of Truth]]          
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  
