# 7.10 What Is Fundamental?

When building a human from the bottom up, one must rediscover the [[Foundation]].
The [[Fundamental]]. 

This is entirely a mystery to modern science. 

Most modern scientists continue to work with [[SpaceTime]] as if it were fundamental, but scientists in multiple fields have now proven that it is not [[True]]. 

[[SpaceTime]] is merely a perceptual [[User Interface]] through which we interact with something far, far deeper.

(Something like) [[Energy]] could be named fundamental, and we could build up the physical world out of it, and show [[Consciousness]] as a phenomena arising  from or "on top of" the physical world. 

Yet the vast majority of [[Energy]] is still [[Dark Energy]] to us, and every year as we look deeper or further we discover new surprises, and we have been entirely unable to scientifically figure out [[Consciousness]]. 

[[Creative Consciousness]] can be viewed as either the highest order manifestation or random creation of an accidental physical world...

...or very near to the deepest fact from which the physical world is arising.

[[Conscious Agency]] can be viewed as either either arising from an accidental universe...

..._or co-creating an intentional and intelligent universe_. 

Either the physical is deeper than [[Consciousness]] and supporting it, or [[Consciousness]] is deeper than the physical and supporting it.  

This either-or framing is merely used to force the elementary thought experiment, because the [[Reality]] is far Deeper. 

One must really get far beyond the childish notions of whether or not one “believes in [[God]] to ponder these deepest questions. 

When we say [[Deepest]], we mean that technically, as in [[That Upon Which The Most Other Things Depend]].

When articulating a working understanding of the Universe, the [[Reality]] is that [[We Do Not Know]]. 

So the fascinating thing is that Science then demands that we consciously [[Co-Create]] a [[Cosmology]] and [[Act As If]] it were [[True]] to test how well our [[Hypothesis]] conforms to [[Reality]]. 

This compels us to take the risks of thinking creatively, creating hypotheses, and experimenting to see if they hold. 

This is [[Science]]! 

The Reality is that at the present time, we are unable to disprove the hypotheses that Consciousness is Deeper or more Fundamental that the Physical. 

At a time when we cannot definitively know from a scientific perspective what is [[True]], we must Act Out a hypothesis. 

And because of the massive social and environmental risks hanging in the balance, it may be that the consequences of our experiment come with far higher stakes than we can imagine. 

There is a risk to Acting As If a Conscious and Intelligent Agent were the fundamental and [[Ultimate Reality]]. 

There is also a risk to Acting As If some as-yet-unknown aspect of the [[Physical]] is fundamental. 

Either way, we are betting our future n a hypothesis that is unlikely to be disproven by [[Science]] within our physical lifetime.

We either [[Act As If]] there were a Conscious Intelligence creating and sustaining the universe… 

…or we [[Act As If]] there were not. 

By Acting As If [[ONE]] Is, we guide our Selves towards a much more careful, humble, and nuanced approach to [[Life]] and [[Consciousness]] in our universe.

We interact with our universe as if it was [[Conscious]], [[Intelligent]], and [[Superordinate]] to us, flowing from [[ONE]] [[Source]] to which we [[All]], equally and without exception, have an affirmative moral obligation. 

We [[Act As If]] there are eternal consequences to our temporal actions. 

We [[Act As If]] [[Life]] is [[Sacred]], precious, and imbued with [[Universal and Eternal]] [[Purpose]] and [[Meaning]] far beyond our [[Selves]]. 

We [[Act As If]] we [[All]] are being Created [[Equal]] before [[God]]. 

We [[Act As If]] we [[All]] are accountable to a [[Universal and Eternal]] Standard or Judge that is far greater than any of us and all of us. 

We [[Act As If]] we have [[Conscious Agency]] that matters.  

We [[Act As If]] the [[Creative Consciousness]] within each of us means that we are, in a deep and profound sense, being created in the Image of the [[ONE]] that is creating and sustaining All things. 

We [[Act As If]] that Divine Spark within is [[All]] carries with it Universal and Inalienable [[Rights And Responsibilities]] that equally and to [[All]], without exception. 

We [[Act As If]] our Wisdom traditions and sacred stories were [[True]]. 

We [[Act As If]] we are [[All]] here for a Reason, and that Reason is [[ONE]]. 

If we instead take an equal step of faith and [[Act As If]] we, our Minds, and our [[Consciousness]] are arising from a purely [[Physical]] plain, it completely changes our logic, morality, and [[Structure of Values]]. 

Because [[We Do Not Know]], but we need to find out [[What To Do]] and [[How To Be]] in this Universe, in this unique Time and Place in history...

The Wisest approach, that allows us to move in a [Way] that is compatible with both our most sacred traditions and modern Science, is to view something like a [[Mind]], something like [[Consciousness]]  as prior to [[Energy]] and [[Matter]]. 

This is what every culture in the world understands is meant by the word [[God]]. 

The Supreme [[Creative Consciousness]] from Whom [[All]] things arise. 

This is the place of the [[ONE]], Who is certainly no less [[Conscious]] than the [[Consciousness]] emanating from It. 

The [[Mind]] of [[God]]. 

In the beginning, [[God]]…

This is not merely a religious statement. 

Yes - it harmonizes with all religious tradition and insight...

...yet it is also, as far as we can currently discern, the scientific hypothesis most likely to prove [[True]].  

___

Forward to [[7.11 The Meta Conscious Agent]]              
Back to [[7.9 The Mystery Of The Microcosm]]              
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  




