# 7.25 Life

Life is built up from (something like) six basic chemical ingredients: 

- Carbon  
- Hydrogen  
- Nitrogen  
- Oxygen  
- Phosphorus  
- Sulfur  

These chemical ingredients in turn Associate into four different basic types of “molecules of life”: 

- Proteins  
- Carbohydrates  
- Lipids  
- Nucleic acids   
 
Nucleic acids are biopolymers composed of nucelotides. 

The two main classes of nucleic acids essential to all [[Life]] are: 

- DNA  
- RNA   
 
[[DNA]] is the molecule that caries the genetic instructions for [[Life]] (reference “Information” above). 
 
This [[Information]] tells the [[Life]] that is [[Trying To Emerge]] through increasingly [[Higher Order Systems]] of [[Coherence]] how to manifest itself and behave.   
 
This is a critically important understanding. We will return to [[Physical DNA]] and [[Metaphysical DNA]] later, and to the question of “what is the highest order system of coherence that is trying to emerge?” 

Is the end of the [[DNA]] instruction manual in a human the physical form of an individual human being as we physically perceive it? 

Or is the physical form of a human system still subordinate to another superordinate system trying to express itself into [[Reality]].  

What about our Minds, our [[Consciousness]], and the relationship between [[Individuals|Individual]][[Consciousnesses]] and the total [[Field of Consciousness]] and the [Source] from which [[Consciousness]] emanates? 

It is [[Wise]] to always look to the highest order thing trying to express itself, which always leads us back to the [[One]], in order to help us discover and understand our unique place and [[Purpose]] in the [[Whole]].  

Welcome to [[Life]].  

Or perhaps it was already here. 

Emanating from the [[Creative Consciousness]] that is radiating it. 

___

Forward to [[7.26 Microbiome]]                    
Back to [[7.24 What Is Prior To Life?]]                    
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
