# 7.5 The Meta Unity of Meta Diversity

The total and all-encompassing [[Oneness]] of the [[Living System]] is not a sterilizing monolith.

It is a nursery for cultivating diverse, flourishing, and abundant [[Life]]. 
 
Unity is in the beginning. Unity of concept. Unity of system. Unity of design. Unity of being. Unity of environment. Inter-existence. Unity of purpose. Unity of intention. 
 
From unity, infinite complexity and diversity emerge through the generative nature of the [[Living System]]. 
 
It is an omni-diversifying, organically complexifying, infinite spawning of unique and continuously elevating forms of complex-adaptive life within the complex-adaptive [[Living System]] of systems. 

The [[Central Animating Spirit]] of the [[Living System]] generates flourishing and abundant [[Life]]. 
 
Unity of [[Spirit]] fosters the emergence of brilliant diversity beyond our wildest imagination. 
 
Unity of [[Form]] crushes and destroys. 
 
The path towards flourishing wholeness is not through making things the same. 
 
The reducing of complexity / diversity is a Pattern of Death. 
 
The path towards flourishing wholeness is through fostering and encouraging the emerging of the brilliant [[New]] [[Life]] that is struggling to emerge from the [[Mind]] of Infinite Intelligence. 
 
[[New]] Information trying to express itself and cause energy to coalesce into [[New]] form. 

The path towards flourishing wholeness is through cultivating the right conditions that encourage and empower [[Life]] to develop towards the fullness of its [[Potential]] and flourish in brilliant, diverse harmony. 

The Universal Harmony is the Meta Harmony of [[All]]. 

The more brilliant the diversity, the more magical the Universal Symphony will become. 

___

Forward to [[7.6 The Conditions That Precipitate The Emergence Of Flourishing And Abundant Life]]                   
Back to [[7.4 We Are Nature]]              
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  
