# 7.9 The Mystery Of The Microcosm

In addition to being nearly entirely blind at the macro-scale, we are also nearly entirely blind at local micro-scale. 

We are also nearly entirely blind to what is [[Here]] and [[Now]].  
 
When we [[Perceive]] a person, what are we actually perceiving? 
 
In the same way that the [[Macrocosm]] is, as far as we can see, an infinitely nested system of systems at increasingly larger scale, until we approach the unknown [[Dark Matter]] and [[Dark Energy]] and [[Dark Information]] that orders it… 
 
…so too is the [[Microcosm]], as far as we can see, an infinitely nested system of systems at increasingly smaller scale, until we approach the [[Dark Energy]] and Information that orders it. 

Let us explore within. 

We [[Perceive]] the form of a person. 
 
Yet the deeper we go into something like a person, the more we discover that the simplified categories and names we assign things, like “person”, “brain” or “eye”, become untenable at higher levels of resolution. 

In other words, we can [[Perceive]] something and name it or categorize it, but as soon as we begin zooming in to higher levels of resolution, we discover that the "thing" or "part" that we perceived is not actually there as an independent "thing". 

It was only a useful illusion propagated by our [[Spacetime User Interface]] to create the potential for interaction. 

What we perceive with our [[Spacetime User Interface]] as a mass of [[Matter]] that we call a [[Brain]] actually entirely melts away at the energetic / quantum level of analysis.  
 
The [[Categories]] that we create to explain the [[Functional Utility]] of [[That Which We Perceive]] all eventually melt away if you look closely enough. Or broadly enough. 
 
The neural network, or an organ like an eye, or even the astonishingly complex machinations of cellular function and reproduction, are mysteries in and of themselves as complex as the human being we started with. 

At nearly every level of analysis until we return to the [[Dark Energy]] at micro-scale, we keep discovering complex systems of systems that are astonishingly sophisticated and complex. 

As we then start to approach the highest levels of resolution nearest to [[Energy]] in the [[Creative Field]] or [[Quantum Field]], the barriers and forms continue to dissolve into the field until we again reach the limits of [[Perception]]. 

It is awe inspiring. 
 
So what is a person? 
 
A person is a coherent association of [[Energy]], [[Information]], and [[Consciousness]] into a manifestation of [[Life]] in a [[Microcosm]] that is nearly as complex as the entire Universe. 

The night sky we perceive is a tiny abstracted simplification of the [[Reality]] of the [[Macrocosm]].  
 
The person we perceive is a giant abstracted simplification of the [[Microcosm]] of Microcosms within it. 
 
And at the absolute extreme limits of our ability to perceive at the smallest and largest scales is some form of (something like) what we call [[Energy]] that is still opaque to us, and thus called Dark. 
 
Yet it appears to be what we are made of at the most subtle microscopic scales, and also what orders the universe on the grandest macrocosmic scales.  
 
In the same way we are nearly entirely blind at cosmic scale, we are also nearly entirely blind at local scale. 
 
To begin to understand a human microverse as a portal into the [[Living System]] and [[Mind]] of the [[One]], let’s start from the bottom and build one up. 

We are merely using something that we have inside knowledge of as a portal of understanding into the [[Living System]]. 
 


