# 15. Memento Mori
_Memento Mori_. Remember death. Remember that you die. 

_Meditate on death_ ~ [[Lucius Annaeus Seneca]], [[Marcus Aurelius]], [[Epictetus]]. 

_Our days pass quickly... and we disappear. So teach us to number our days, that we may gain a heart of [[Wisdom]]._ ~ [[Moses]] 

Maranasati in Buddhism refers to "death awareness", or "mindfulness of death". It leads to Practicing with a deep sense of presence, diligence, urgency and concern for That Which Should Be Undertaken or Adopted, and That Which Should Be Avoided. 

_The Way of the Samurai is, morning after morning, the practice of death... and putting one's mind firmly on death."  ~ Hagakure 

_Remember often death..._ ~ [[Muhammad]] 

Moment by moment, hour by hour, we approach death. Each and every breath may be our last. Breath by breath, moment by moment, Live As If it might be your last. 

If this was my last week on earth, what would I do and who would I become? 

If this was my last day on earth, what would I do and who would I become? 

If this was my last breath on earth, what would I do and who would I become? 

When you wonder what you should do, consider what you would do if it was your last day or week on earth, and you will see clearly. 

When you first ask your Self this question, there will likely be a chasm between what you are doing and who you are, and what you would be doing and who you would be if it were your last week on earth. 

Over time, with [[Practice]], you can bring these two in harmony, so that at any moment, you are prepared to die, complete, and without fear. 

One who fears death cannot act or be properly when the moment of Truth arrives. 

[[Love]]. 




