# 2.1 Strategic Overview
Our [[Current Best Understanding]] is that the fundamental root cause of the [[Meta Crisis]] is our [[Way of Being]] as a human species on planet Earth. 

Therefore the strategy must comprehensively address the total transformation of our [[Way of Being]] from the Old to the New. 

## Changing Thought and Behavior
Inspiring a global community to work together to design and build itself, so that together we can design and build a better world, will require changes in thought and behavior. 

From lifetimes of coaching, psychological and spiritual work, we understand that if you want to transform thought and behavior, you can't transform thought and behavior. 

Instead, you must transform the underlying paradigms that are _prior_ to thought and behavior. 

These underlying paradigms are nested inside of a [[Narrative Framework]]. 

Therefore we have to transform the deepest [[Narrative Framework]] in which human consciousness exists, so that our paradigms are transformed, so that our Perception is transformed, so that our thoughts and behaviors naturally transform. 

It is something akin to the first simultaneous global transformation of consciousness. 

## Critical Path
Our [[Hypothesis]] is that the critical path therefore runs along: 

1. A meta narrative / story, that creates... 
2. A shift in consciousness, that leads to... 
3. A shift in paradigm and values, that leads to... 
4. A shift in perception, that leads to... 
5. A growing community... 
6. Designing and building itself, and... 
7. Co-creating the shared resources, tools, systems, infrastructure, services, and technology, required to... 
8. Design and build the best possible future for All. 

## Each Story a Prophesy
As we begin to self-organize and create impact, each value created and story told becomes a prophecy of the greater stories that can be co-created in the future, fueling the snowball of individuals, organizations, communities, tribes, and nations arising and uniting to help one another advance towards [[The Goal]]. 

## Sequencing Resources and Energy
The sequencing of energy and resources therefore becomes very critical. 

### Stage 1: Initial Infrastructure and Language


### Stage 2: The Wise Right Initial People


### Stage 3: The Wise Right Structure and Patterns


### Stage 4: The Wise Right Systems, Process, and Culture 


### Stage 5: The Wise Right Local Progress Towards Global Goals 

### Stage 6: The Wise Right Measurement and Performance Management

### Stage 7: The Wise Right Packaging and Resources of Value Creation 

### Stage 8: The Wise Right Stories 

### Stage 9: Snowballing / Scaling Up 

### Stage 10: Progressive Navigation Towards The Goal 

### Stage 11: Continuous Improvement

### Stage 12: Passing the Baton 

For another take on phases, see [[A New Sovereignty]]. 

## Approximate Milestones and Timing
Our [[Current Best Understanding]], sure to be precisely wrong, lays out the follwoing approximate milestones.

### 1. Foundational Legal and Technological Infrastructure - Pre 2022

### 2. First Communications and 6 to 24 People - Q1 2022

### 3. Structuring and Federating - Q2 2022 

### 4. Liberate Being and Doing Dimensions to Reciprocally Unfold - Q3 2022 

### 5. Establish Basic Processes and Tools For Community and Program Management - Q2 to Q4 2022

### 5. Phase I Philanthropic Resourcing - Q3 to Q4 2022  

### 6. Identity Grand Challenges, Global Goals, and Shared Vision - 2022  

### 7. Establish Navigation Dashboards - Q3 2022 

### 8. Full Cycle System Testing - Q3 2022 - 2023 

### 9. Phase II Blended Capital Resourcing and New Markets - Q4 2022 - 2023 

### 10. A Growing Snowball of Individuals, Organizations, Communities, and Stories Advancing Towards The Goal - 2023 to 2030 

### 11. Phase III Growing New Economy and Markets - 2023 to 2030 

### 12. Realigning Existing Power Structures and Incentives - 2024 to 2030

### 13. Local Progress Towards 2040 Goals - 2030 to 2040

### 14. Local Progress Towars 2050 Goals - 2040 to 2050 

### 15. Passing the Baton Generationally - Ongoing

### 16. Flourishing Life, Economy, Governance, and Society - Ongoing  

### 17. Progress towards 2075 Goals

### 18. Progress towards 2100 Goals

### 19. Progress towards 3000 Goals  

### 20. Beware lest the spirit that corrupts rises again! 





