# 3.2 Crowdfunding Overview

Following is a rough template / roadmap for crowdfunding developed by allies: 

## Phase 1 (Preparing for Launch)

### Key Deliverables:

#### Develop Messaging for the Project

-   Determine Use Cases/Who is the audience?
    
-   Cultivate the Narrative of the project
    
-   Determine Name and Tagline for the project
    
-   Create Elevator Pitch ( 1-3 sentences)
    
-   Create Longer Description ( 1 paragraph)
    
-   Create a One pager
    
-   Create Memes to be used through-out the campaign
    
-   Create Video Scripts

### Media Creation
-   Make the most amazing crowdfunding video ever
    
-   Storyboard the script
    
-   What is the prevailing value of the Mission/ Movement/Campaign?
    
-   How do we compel and inspire people get excited and  to engage the project?
    
-   Finish recordings and edits for video release
    
-   Create a stock of small clip videos ( 1-2 minutes long) to be used as campaign goes along, telling different layers to the story, sharing other voices from the project, etc.
    
-   Create a stock of media in preparation for the campaign
    
-   Gather Images to use 
    
-   Gather informative mock ups or designs of the project 
    
-   Find quotes or supportive messages to use 
    
-   Different memes related to the project 
    
-   Create write ups/ summery with information about project to draw from for different posts/media
    
-   Create FB community page / Pages on other platforms
    
-   Create Media Kit for partners and collaborators to support promotion and circulation
    
-   Complete Content in Content Generator 
    
-   Add Crowdfunder information and video to your website
    
-   Choose core images for media campaign chosen ( 10-15 images)
    

### Crowdfunding Platform

-   Recommend Ingi-go-go or consider [Grow VC group](http://group.growvc.com/), [Razoo](https://www.razoo.com/), [Classy](https://www.classy.org/))
    
-   Determine campaign amount & length of campaign ( Recommend 45-60 day)
    
-   Decide on Campaign perks or  “Rewards” for Backers (consider your reward tiers.. what is the lowest, mid-range, high range? what may be appropriate rewards for each range?? What partners or allies of your project may donate something to be campaign rewards for backers?)
    
-   Fill out Crowdfunding page
    
-   Create pie chart of where money will go- transparency for backers

### Marketing 

-   What are ideal platforms to reach your target audience? Social media? Email? Newsletters? Local events? Local postings? Youtube channel-grow sponsorships
    
-   Consider boost strategies like contest or other compelling engagement points to run during the campaign
    
-   Pre-script campaign updates( still may develop as the campaign goes along, but you can pre-script some)
    
-   Pre-Book any radio or podcast interviews or press release
    
-   Schedule posts pre-emptively to Social Media ( FB, twitter, etc.) 
    
-   Engage Network marketing channels, activate your aligned networks /partners to help you promote!
    

### Pre-Build Support Base

-   Front load a few committed backers who can “Boost” Campaign at strategic times (Recommended Times: In the beginning to build momentum and also at the end if you need a boost to cross the finish line)
    
-   Look at creative investment opportunities- how to bring in the larger backers, atching funds, etc. 
    
-   Gather any endorsements from people who have experienced Steamology or support the project
    
-   Activate Community Partner/Media Partner Engagement
    

-   Create incentives for media partnerships, leveraging networks and cross promotions
    
-   Create visual Info. Deck or Sponsorship Deck ( 8-9 slides with imagery and short bullet point descriptions of facets of the project) This gets sent to potential partners, large funders, collaborators, etc. 
    


## Phase 2 (The Launch)

### Key Deadlines:

  
### Launch the Campaing  
  

### Deliverables

#### Campaign Tasks

-   Do a splashy launch- synchronize partners to blast social media with the announcement of the campaign
    
-   Daily Social Media posts to Socials and promotional groups
    
-   Create new media as inspirations emerge to keep the campaign fresh
    
-   Align with events already taking place within communities of interest in order to do outreach, have display, offer lecture, etc.(Can you have a visible presence at local events? Or conferences/summits?
    
-   Launch new video short clips along the way ( 1 per week- 10 days)
    
-   Launch Press Releases, do Radio interviews
    
-   Blog about project, add crowdfunder Call to Action through Network Newsletters
    
-   Write to Allies, email lists, network contacts to ask for support in promoting the campaign
    
-   Updates on the crowdfunding page (2x month or at major highlight points)
    
-   Consider Green Inbox through Facebook
    
-   Team meetings once a week to reassess strategy, track progress, consider new approaches
    
## Phase 3  (The Integration)

### Celebration

-   Announce the success of the Campaign!
    
-   Consider celebration party
    
-   Plan for a few days off afterward to rest and digital detox
    

### Completion

-   Send any thank you letters
    
-   Fulfill reward deliverables
    
-   Do final Updates on the Crowdfunding site
    
-   Close out the Crowdfunding site
    
-   Update website and FB to focus on project launch focus instead of the campaign
    
-   Book any post interviews
    
-   Determine next steps for the project
    
-   Have a closing circle and wrap session for the team

