# 0.7 No Boundaries

The problem with [[Art]] that dances with the [[ONE]] most fundamental [[Reality]] in the universe, is that by definition it will never encounter a boundary or be complete. So perhaps this will eternally be a [[Work In Progress]].    

[[ONE]] can never be bounded or contained.  

It contains and unites [[All]].  

The deeper we go, and the farther we travel in the [[Way]], the more the boundaries and the certainties recede from our view, and the more immersed and enmeshed in the infinite [[Ultimate Reality]] we become, the more we realize [[Our Work]] can never be completed.  

The more we [[Realize]] that which is beyond our present ability to [[Articulate]]...  

The more we [[Realize]] that we are not merely engaged in work, but in a [[Way of Being]] that is spiraling us every deeper into the eye of the [[Universe]].  

Yet although we are drifting ever further away from the false security of the [[Articulated]] and [[Known]], the more the [[Certainties]] and [[Boundary of Knowing]] recedes from our view, the more the possibility of a far deeper kind of [[Knowing]] that is beyond words opens up.  

It is time to [[Rediscover]] these deeper and more profound kinds of [[Knowing]].  

Once we begin to [[Rediscover]], we can begin to [[Reimagine]] and [[Rebuild]].  

This small work of [[Art]] and [[Wisdom]] is designed to liberate us out of the meaningless [[Cave]] of endarkened [[Knowing]], to rip our chains from the walls, and to guide us out into the brilliant [[Light]] of a [[New Dawn]].  

Out beyond the [[Boundary]], and into an ever expanding domain of [[Adventure]] and [[Mastery]], in which we are helping [[Being]] [[Realize]] the fullness of its [[Potential]]...  

In which we are progressively [[Realizing]] the [[Absolute]] zenith that lies _beyond_ the [[Highest Intention and Greatest Good of Which We Can Presently Conceive]]…. 

In which we are progressively [[ReMembering]] Its [[Nature]] and Its [[1. Intention]] and Its [[Goal]]…. 

And in which we are progressively [[Reuniting]] our [[Selves]] with the [[ONE]] and with [[One Another]] in service of [[All]], as we [[All]] progress in [[Community]] towards [[Meta Goal|The Goal]].  
 
It is a terrifying proposition to venture out into the [[Infinite]] [[Unknown]], yet it is a far greater and more terrifying proposition to remain asleep and captive in the [[Cave of Knowing]].  

So please make sure that as we embark together on this epic [[Quest]], you do not make the dire mistake of thinking you can place the [[New]] experience in the [[Old]] [[Categories]].  

If you attempt to do so, so the [[Old]] [[Categories]] will burst and both the [[New]] and the [[Old]] will both be ruined. #principle  

What we are venturing out into is not a [[Category]].  

What we are venturing out into simply [[Is]].   

It is the [[ONE]] and the [[All]] that simply [[Are]].  

These limited articulations honed through our [[Adventure]] might eventually be a book. And a painting. And a movie. And a play. And a symphony. And a [[New]] conceptual artistic and cinematic universe. And a [[Culture]]. And an [[Embodied]] [[Way of Being]]. And an entirely regenerated [[New World]].  

After all, when the Spirit rises up and hovers over the waters of [[Chaos]], and speaks the [[Logos]], it calls forth from the infinite storehouses that which is most [[Good]].  

For now, these words are simply an [[Invitation]] to [[ONE]] and [[All]] to embark together on the most epic and important [[Quest]] in history.  

An [[Invitation]] to leave behind what you thought you knew and the world you thought you lived in, to venture out beyond the [[Boundary]], out into the [[Mystery]], out into [[Reality]], in all her enrapturing splendor.  

Until we all come to understand more fully, it would be wise to [[Act As If]] the future of generations of life to come depended upon our success.  

It is time to embark on our [[Quest]], and venture out beyond the [[Boundary]].  

___

Forward to [[1.1 Above The Chaos]]  
Back to [[0.6 Authority]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERG]]  