# 1.11 Goverance
As [[Sovereigns]] [[Organize and Federate]] in order to do together what cannot be done isolation, new [[Higher Order Sovereigns]] are co-created. 

Every Sovereign has the right and responsiblity to autonomously govern, or steer, itself towards its unique Goals, in service of the Meta Goal, in accordance with its [[Principles]], [[Purpose]], and [[Values]]. 

The System should establish a complete system of Governance to empower every Sovereign, at every fractal level, to Govern itself, and to help Govern all [[Higher Order Sovereigns]] it is engaged in, including the Whole. 

The New System of Governance should be completely transcendent of and independent from all existing systems of governance in the Old World. It should strive to retain and incorporate all the best qualities and capabilities of the best systems of the Old World, while also developing the powerful New capabilities required for the New System / New World to properly function in service of [[ONE]] and [[All]]. 

## Framework For A New System Of Governance 

### Governance As Steering / Navigation
Governance in the Old world was accomplished by the rule of the strong and rich over the poor and the weak. It is not so in the New World or New System. 

In the New System, every Element is Sovereign, Autonomous, and [[Self Governing]] within the context of the universal [[Wisdom, Principles, and Values]] shared by [[ONE]] and [[All]]. 

This requires us to remember that the word "govern" does not mean to "rule over", but rather to "steer". 

Govvernance is the act of steering or navigating a [[Sovereign Vessel]] towards its [[Aim]]. 

### Choosing A Worthy Aim / Goal 
Navigating towards an Aim requires that every Sovereign first [[Choosing A Worthy Aim|Choose A Worthy Aim]] to advance towards. 

Aims / Goals should be stacked up and aligned such that

- Individual Goals help accomplish 
- Team Goals that help accomplish
- Organization Goals that help accomplish 
- Community Goals that help accomplish 
- The Meta Goal 

The System should establish 
If you are reading this, and you do not have a Team, see [[Forging Or Joining A Team]]. 

### Articulating and Aligning Our Stories and Goals
Navigating towards a worthy Goal requires understanding: 

[[Who We Are]]   
[[Where We Are]]  
[[How We Got Here]]  
[[Where We Are Going]]  
[[Why]] it all matters  

Since the moral decision of our Aim is prior to Perception, explicitly clarifying and aligning this basic [[Narrative Framework]] will  reshape the Way that Sovereigns fundamentally [[Perceive]] the New World. 

If we can align the stories of all Sovereigns with an overarching and uniting Meta Story, and the Goals of all Sovereigns with an overarching and uniting Meta Goal, we can create alignment. 

### A Quest Towards A Worthy Goal 
Our [[Current Best Understanding]] is that this New System of Governance will be best absorbed if it is framed in the narrative context of each Sovereign on a unique Quest Towards a unique Goal, in the context of the shared overarching and uniting [[Meta Quest]] towards the [[Meta Goal]]. 

### Aligning Energy
The Quest of each Sovereign creates an energy and a direction that acts like a [[Trim Tab]] on the rudder of the [[Vessel of Society]].  

### Governance Essentials
Each Sovereign is free to Govern itself in the [[Wise Right]] Way, as it determines. 

The essentials are that each Sovereign: 

1. Federates with and Is visible to the System 
2. Has a [[Charter]], a [[Declaration]], or a [[Constitution]] that outlines its [[Purpose]], [[Principles]], [[Values]], and Goals. 
3. Has an Aim and a Plan 
4. Has Boundaries 
5. Plans for its Lifecycle and eventual Death  
6. Governs and Integrates itself coherently in a way that meets the needs and solves the problems of its [[Participants]] 
7. Publishes a [[Navigation Dashboard]] that includes [[Essential Information]] and is compatible with the way other Sovereigns publish dashboards, and the way dashboard aggregators aggregate dashboards. 

See [[Organizations The Lionsberg Way]] for more information. 


## Interface With The Old Systems
In the same way that Sovereigns will be able to voluntarily coordinate and align their stories, goals, and energy, so too will they be able to coordinate and align their votes in each time and place they are present. 

The [[New System]] should include a [[Platform]] that empowers the global Community to ensure that in all domains, localities, and systems of the Old World, enlightened leaders who are aligned with the [[System Wide Master Plan]] are voted into office, and old / corrupt / authoritarian / exploitative leaders voted out. 

In order for the [[New World]] to manifest itself, all systems and institutions of the Old World must be transformed and aligned by the [[New System]] 

This must happen not as a result of unnecessary revolution, but as a result of the coordinated action of people understanding and using every legal and governance mechanism available in the Old World to get Old leaders out and New leaders in, while leveraging the combined light and technology the global Community to ensure transparency and accountability through the process. 

If we can get enough people coordinating and aligning in the New System, the Old Systems will naturally transform. 

## Governance Frameworks and Templates
The System should establish simple yet wise [[Governance Frameworks]] that Sovereigns can adapt and adopt as part of their instantiation of the System. 

[[Self Governance]]  
[[Family Governance]]  
[[Team Governance]] 
[[Organization Governance]]   
[[Community Governance]]  
[[Meta Community Governance]]

[[Provisional Community Agreement]] 
