# 1.17 Regaining Consciousness

I will share with you a very simple three step process / tool that takes less than one minute to regain consciousness if you ever find yourself lost in the fog of chaos or gripped by one of the [[Idols Of The Pantheon]]. 

That tool is [[Counting Up To Consciousness]]. 

## Step 1: Count Your Self Back To Consciousness

As soon as your [[True Self]] becomes aware that your [[Embodiment]] is gripped by emotion or a primordial drive, immediately be still, be silent, close your eyes half way, and count your Self back up to consciousness. 

1. **Be Still** - anything you do from that lower state will plunge you further into the web of lower order consequences and reactions you are co-creating. 

2. **Be Silent** - anything you say from that lower state will plunge your further into the web of lower order consequences and reactions you are co-creating. 

3. **Close Your Eyes Half Way** - this creates a little space and blurs the expressions and reactions around you, while allowing you to remain aware of any threats or harm. 

4. **Count Your Self Back To Consciousness** - Take a deep breath, and "One, Two, Three, Four, Five - I am fully present, conscious, and aware." 

## Step Two: Release The Emotion 

From there, if it is helpful you can release the emotion or drive that was gripping you. 

To do this: 

1. Become aware of where in your physical [[Embodiment]] you physically feel the emotional tension. 
2. From the place of your Higher Order Consciousness, you can say to the lower order drive something like - "Thank you for arising. I do not need you right now."  

## Step 4: 4, 7, 8 Breathing

[[4, 7, 8 Breathing]] has be shown to rapidly help realign and restore physiological and psychological balance. 

Simply: 

1. Breathe out deeply and forcefully through your mouth to clear out stagnant breath and energy
2. Breathe in deeply for 4 counts through your nose   
3. Hold your breathe for 7 counts  
4. Breath out deeply for 8 counts through your mouth 

___

Forward to [[1.18 Consciously Conducting]]      
Back to [[1.16 Accessing Alternate Futures, Selves, and Rule Sets]]      
Back to table of contents [[A Way Beyond Fear, Anxiety, And Depression]]    