# 1.2 You Are Not Alone

You are not alone in your suffering.

In our darkest moments, we often feel isolated, convinced that our pain is unique and incomprehensible to others, and that there is something fundamentally wrong with us.

We are genuinely sorry that you are going through this pain. We understand the depths of its debilitation.

But we are not surprised.

Given our human nature and the current state of our world, the anomaly isn't experiencing anxiety, fear, or depression. It's natural to feel this way considering [[Where We Are]] in The Story. 

What is surprising is the miracle of when someone overcomes it, and is able to experience liberty, peace, and joy. You are just the kind of person that is capable of confronting and overcoming your fears, and experiencing the Light and Life that lies Beyond them. 

You may not believe us, but there are others experiencing something very similar to what you are going through. If you are open to it, we can offer a Way to begin rising above the turmoil and despair that seem to be engulfing you.

It may not be perfect, but if you are drowning, this lifeline could be vital. The world still needs you, all of you, now more than ever.

If you are willing to take another small step forward, we will briefly explain our [[Current Best Understanding]] of what is happening physiologically and psychologically within your body and brain, and then help you find the smallest step you can take, and would be willing to take, in the direction of Purpose, Meaning, and Liberation from whatever level of suffering you may be presently experiencing.

___

Forward to [[1.3 Elevated Heart Rate, Shallow Breathing, Uneasiness in the Gut]]  
Back to [[1.1 The Intention of This Book]]    
Back to table of contents [[A Way Beyond Fear, Anxiety, And Depression]]    


