# 1.9 Green, Yellow, Red

As we advance towards our valuable goal, there are two basic systems that communicate with us to keep us alive and help us [[Navigate]] successfully.

The first is our [[Autonomic Nervous System]].

The second is our [[Emotional System]].

Human beings are the most sensitive and advanced scientific measuring instruments in the world.

As we advance through the world, our bodies and minds take in and process an incredible amount of information, the vast majority of which is processed subconsciously.

Based on the total subconscious processing happening on all mental and physical levels of analysis, **our brains and bodies are in communication** with one another.

Together, our [[Autonomic Nervous System]] and [[Emotional System]] cause us to experience a set of emotional and physiological states that act something like a traffic signal guiding and regulating our progress.  

- Green Light - proceed and explore   
- Yellow Light - slow down, caution, pause  
- Red Light  - stop / panic / retreat / attack 

If we are not consciously in motion towards something we value, then these signals will be operating relative to whatever lower-order primordial drive (food, water, sex, belonging, interest, fear, etc.) happens to be gripping and controlling us at the time.

This Green, Yellow, Red System MUST be calibrated towards a valuable or worthy Goal for it to function properly.

If it cannot function properly, it will be virtually impossible for us to escape the clutches of anxiety and experience sustained positive emotion.

___

Forward to [[1.10 Body to Brain Signaling]]      
Back to [[1.8 Advance, Remain, Retreat]]      
Back to table of contents [[A Way Beyond Fear, Anxiety, And Depression]]    
