# 2.4 Losing Consciousness 

We learned earlier that one of the primary ways to trigger the brain to body signaling that calms the [[Autonomic Nervous System]] down is to discover and remain in a state of [[Consciousness]] through which we can envision and access multiple potential futures and patterns of action. 

The opposite of this occurs when we lose [[Consciousness]] in response to a [[Threat]] or [[Opportunity]] that presences itself to us. 

From this lower [[State Of Consciousness]], we can be gripped or possessed by a lower order Motivational State. 

When this regression to a lower and more elementary [[State Of Consciousness]] occurs, the [[Autonomic Nervous System]] grabs control of the executive functioning of our Embodiment and causes us to manifest very simplified and unsophisticated behaviors. 

The Brain to Body Signals that "dial down" the energy of our [[Autonomic Nervous System]] are lost, the System rises to its higher "default on" state, and all that energy is directed in a very unsophisticated and primordial way. 

Unable to conceptualize a [[Wise]] and [[Sophisticated]] [[Way]] forward, we regress to a primordial state and open our selves up to be seized by any of the [[Idols Of The Pantheon]] who lie in wait to possess us. 

When we are gripped by any of these [[Primordial Drives]] (flight, fear, war, rage, etc.), we lose higher order [[Conscious Agency]]. We lose access to the infinite stores of information, memory, pattern languages, sets of rules, and courses of action that would otherwise be available to us. 

These lower order and less conscious responses to stimuli nearly always cause us to act in a way that hinders [[Progress]] towards our [[Goal]] and delays our Higher Order Progression as we grapple with the consequences and reactions to our Lower Order actions. 

___

Forward to [[2.5 Accessing Alternate Futures, Selves, and Rule Sets]]      
Back to [[2.3 Boundaries And Rules]]      
Back to table of contents [[A Way Beyond Fear, Anxiety, And Depression]]    
