# 3.13 The Poles Of Mania And Depression

The loss of the ability of a System to Wisely [[Target]], [[Imagine]], [[Differentiate]], [[Discern]], and [[Judge]] between the total array of [[Potential]] Aims, Stories, and [[Patterns Of Action]] usually relates falling or rising to an extreme point on the dual poles of Mania and Depression.  

To distinguish the [[Wise Right]] [[Way]] Forward, we must bring our [[Selves]] present to a clear, balanced point of energy in our System. 

In English, we often use the terms Mania and Depression to denote the polar ends of the energetic spectrum of [[Enthusiasm]]. 

In a manic state, we experience extreme positive emotion, enthusiasm, and intense interest and pleasure in nearly every possible Self and Story. This can create catastrophe by inappropriately motivating us to pursue [[Forward Looking Story|Forward Looking Stories]] that are delusional, unwise, or can lead us off course or off a cliff. 

In a depressed state, we experience sadness, hopelessness, and a lack of interest and pleasure. This can create catastrophe by demotivating us from the pursuit of Valuable and Good Forward Looking Stories that are immediately actionable at hand, and would be of great benefit to us and the world. 

The poles of mania and depression are not usually a disorder whose best solution is eternal medication. We all have those poles present within us, and experience shifts along the axis.  

When we experience the shifts are more extreme that seems appropriate for the given [[Context]], it is usually a sign that our dopaminergic system is out of balance due  to the _relationship_ between our [[Internal Context]] and [[External Context]]. 

Transforming our [[Internal Context]] and [[External Context]] is the key to bringing the System back from the brink of [[Chaos]] and into [[Proper Order]]. 

And always, what is within our immediate [[Domain Of Responsibility And Authority]] and [[Conscious Agency]] is our Selves and [[Internal Context]].  

By elevating and transforming our [[Internal Context]], we can begin to take micro steps towards elevating and transforming our [[External Context]], which elevates and transforms our [[Internal Context]], which then allows us to take progressively larger and more powerful steps as our [[Being]] and [[Doing]], Internal and External, reciprocally spiral up together towards their [[Best And Highest]] [[Potential]]. 