# 3.5 What Limits The Stories We Tell Our Selves?

So if any [[Good]] [[Story]] we can conceive of is actually possible to progressively [[Realize]]...

...and if [[Success]] is the [[Progressive Realization]] of a [[Worthy Aim]]...

...and if our Worthy Goal / Aim / Ideal must be envisioned... 

...and our visions articulated as Stories... 

...and if any Story about our Future is possible to live into... 

...what limits the stories we tell our Selves? 

Our lived experience is that articulating the  [[Story of Lionsberg]] required that we liberate our [[Mind]] from numerous constraints and boundaries, such as: 

1. The Boundaries of Religion  
2. The Boundaries of Ideology  
3. The Boundaries of Politics  
4. The Boundaries of [[Time]] and [[Space]]  
5. The Boundaries of Experience  
6. The Boundaries of Imagination  
7. The Boundaries of Society  
8. The Boundaries of Family  
9. The Boundaries of our Self  
10. The Boundaries of Fear  
11. The Boundaries of the Known  

Doing this required risking, and losing, the approval of false religious leaders, corrupt government leaders, well-intended family members, frightened friends, our entire net worth, our home, businesses, churches, mentors, and the entire world we thought we were living in. 

Why? 

Because it was all fundamentally not  entirely [[True]] or [[Wise]] or [[Good]], and wrapped up in an [[Old World]] that is incompatible with [[Truth]], therefore [[Truth]] shattered them. 

[[Truth]] fears nothing, and shatters everything that is not compatible with itself. 

And when Truth shatters That Which Is Not Compatible With Truth, we discover that all the Boundaries have fallen, our chains have been ripped from the wall, and we are at last [[Free]]. 

_Freedom isn't free._

It requires that we sacrifice everything that is not compatible with the Spirit of Truth and Love. 

The Spirit of [[Truth]] and [[Love]] always liberates. 

_You shall Know the Truth, and the Truth will set you free._  

Free from what? From the [[Boundaries]]. Which boundaries? The list above were a few that we had to pass through. 

