# 3.6 Which Forward Looking Stories Are Possible?

This means that our Mind contains an essentially limitless Quantity and Quality of Potential(s). 

The array of [[Potential]] Forward Looking Stories we could generate are limited by the boundaries of [[Ultimate Reality]], however those boundaries are so far beyond our conception we can safely say that what is possible is _exceedingly and abundantly beyond all we could ask or imagine._  

If that is approximately [[True]], then essentially any [[Vision]] we can imagine is possible provided that it does not violate the boundaries or will of [[One]] and [[All]]. 

It is not possible to indefinitely violate the boundaries and will of [[One]] and [[All]], so eventually any Pattern of Action that does so would be thwarted. 

Therefore we can say that any [[Good]] [[Vision]] is Possible, no matter how massive, powerful, or transformational it might be. 

It is not possible to choose an [[Aim]] that is too high. 

Therefore we should _always_ [[Aim]] at the [[Highest Intention and Greatest Good of Which We Can Presently Conceive]].  

To conceive of it means that we must generate it as a [[Potential]] in our mind.  

To generate it as a potential in our mind means that we must be able to envision it. 

To envision it means that we could begin to describe it. 

To describe it we would use [[Narrative]]. 

The Narrative lays itself out as a [[Story]]. 

The [[Story]] is inherently possible, or we would have not been able to conceive of it, because what is possible is exceedingly and abundantly beyond all we can presently ask or imagine. 

___

Forward to [[3.7 Evaluating And Consciously Determining Which Story To Enact]]          
Back to [[3.5 A Multitude Of Stories]]        
Back to table of contents [[A Way Beyond Fear, Anxiety, And Depression]]    

