# 4.13 What Comes Next

We know it has been hard. We know you have been suffering. 

But what happens next in the Story is that we are going to rise above the chaos, come together, solve the problems, and progress towards our [[Worthy Goal]] and [[Best Possible Future]]. 

And we are going to do it by Helping [[One Another]] choose an [[Aim]], and identify and take the next step that we see we are capable of taking, that we are willing to take, towards that [[Worthy Goal]].  

That one small step will will create just enough positive emotion and energy to enable us to take one more small step. 

And then we are going to do it again. 

And again. 

And again. 

[[We Do Not Know]] and cannot possibly imagine how high we might be able to go if we stay present with [[One]] and [[One Another]] and [[Progress]] in this [[Way]]. 

One step at a time. 

One moment at a time. 

Present [[Here]] and [[Now]]. 

Paying [[Attention]] to what is arising. 

Curious about what is Trying To [[Emerge]] in us and through us. 

Co-Creating the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Conditions]] to enable [[That Which Is Trying to Emerge]] to Emerge. 

We are All here. Together. 

Caught up in a Story that is far more epic and far greater than we can possibly imagine. 

____
What happens next for you is simple: 

1. You are going to choose a worthy goal  
2. You are going to break it down, over and over again, until you reach a step small enough that you are willing and able to take it - even if it is getting out of bed and brushing your teeth  
3. Once you accomplish that step, you are going to use the energy you generate to identify and take one more small step  
4. At some point, you are going to take a step that lands you in a small group of people committed to your success   
5. At some point, you and that group are going to connect with us and Lionsberg, and we are going to help one another advance towards The Goal that unites us All. 

____

What happens next for us is also simple: 

1. We are, individually and collectively, going to formulate a massive, positive, good, inspiring, compelling [[Vision]] in the form of a [[Forward Looking Story]] that helps us understand [[Where We Are Going]] and [[Why]].  
2. We are, individually and collectively, going to formulate a massive, positive, good, inspiring, compelling [[History]] in the form of a [[Backward Looking Story]] that helps us understand [[Where We Are]] and [[How We Got Here]].  
3. We are, individually and collectively, going to incorporate a broad range of [[Universal Values]] and [[Virtues]] into an integrated and Whole [[Personality]], so that we become the kinds of expansive Beings who are capable of contending with and overcoming whatever dares to come our [[Way]].  
4. We are going to accomplish this through a shared [[Process]] and [[Experience]] that [[All]] individuals, organizations, and communities can be invited to participate in. 
5. We are going to [[Co-Create]] a System of [[Self Governance]] that empowers every individual, organization, and community to [[Help One Another]] [[Navigate]] towards the fullness of their unique [[Potential]] and flourish in harmony, which can be localized and adapted to any time, place, language, culture, and context. 

And because we will accomplish this through a shared process and experience, we will stack up and align our [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Stories]] and our [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals]] so that we [[All]] [[Help One Another]] rise towards our overarching and uniting [[Meta Goal]], and flourish in harmony. 

This process will elevate, transform, and heal our individual and collective paradigms and [[Consciousness]]. 

From this transformed [[Consciousness]], and entirely new [[Way of Being]] as a human species on planet earth will naturally [[Emerge]]. 

Let's get moving together, by each getting moving our Selves, and Helping One Another advance towards [[The Goal]].  

___

Forward to [[5.0 A Way Forward]]        
Back to [[4.12 Co-Creating Heaven On Earth]]      
Back to table of contents [[A Way Beyond Fear, Anxiety, And Depression]]    