# Stories

When there is diversity, it will always turn up a mess. The brave conversations to set things straight, again and again and again. 

Something shifts when you have the opportunity to operate at a higher level more consistently. 

The types of divisions we don't want to happen, that would stop us in our tracks, are already happening... 

Potential issues and divisions need to be dealt with earlier, bravery, more courageously, facing into the truths... 

Issues do not get better with age.

The space of learning, and practicing... less perfection, one right way... people invited to come in and out, have so much more as perfect and so much more as ok. You play, you are in a sandbox... such a different way to hold it than how we hold things in the world of work. 

Focus on the spaciousness of [[Practice]] and [[Learning Forward]] / [[Continuous Improvement]]. 

Redundancy of [[Lionsberg Membership]], [[Projects]], and [[Approaches]]... so that it can't be messed up with any one way. 

Experiential learning. Experience. Experiment. do something. check it out. evaluate whether it got worse, got better, stayed the same... 

In this framework, as in [[Lean]], [[Every Defect Is A Gift]]. 

Think of it as [[Experiential Learning]]. Trying new things, seeing how they are doing and where they go. Very organic and inclusive of peoople. Everyone has their own experience. No single course of action. Everyone on a unique course. 

Part of the story has to be one of [[Experience]] and [[Evolving]]. As we evolve, we all [[Transform]] and [[Adapt]] to the [[Transformation]] in others. 

Change is what leads to people growing and becoming more whole. Sense of collective growth and learning, that makes things that don't work experience and not mistake. Tried and learned from it, rather than labeling it with a lot of negative things.

[[Boundaries]] 

[[Boundary Triage]] 

[[Capacity]] - we don't all have limitless capacity. 

[[Stone Soup]] is what we want to embrace. Each person brings something unique to the [[Whole]], which is something to be treasured. 

[[Meta Story]] 

[[Meta Philosophy]]

[[Meta Science]] - how to know, disprove, evolve over time... 

[[Meta Structure]] that can evolve over time, yet can hold the [[Stone Soup]] 

A [[Way]] that allows us to work together and relate to [[One Another]] rightly. 

[[Safe To Fail]] experiments. 

[[Timing]] [[Chronos]] and [[Kairos]]

[[Time]] is one of the most underutilized concepts around. 

[[Money]] 

[[Path Dependency]] 

[[Old Rules]]

[[New Rules]]

[[Old Game]] 

[[New Game]] 

I can have almost anything, just not all at once. Takes away angst, grief, anxiety... stretches possibility. 

You can do the same thing with the Space axis... if you can just stretch the container to be more spacious... 

Many thoughts ideologies forms if we get the [[Rules]] and [[Culture]] right and spacious enough. 

Many people, thinking many ways, some I don't agree with, some speak different languages. 

We have [[New]] opportunites all the time. The only failed [[Experiment]] is one that we do not [[Learn]] from. 

In the [[Meta Story]] an aspect of knowing there is so much more here, so much more possible. 

The [[Mechanics of Stories]] - they come from our hands, our bodies, our senses, and so many other subconscious inputs. They are only sharable at some level, because so many layers are subconscious. The details and the things we are actually doing show how we are changing. We can often see changes in what we are doing before we have words to reflect that. Coherence or integrity is when the words we are saying match what we are doing. It is good to have the abstraction at the top, and to match that up against specific details and actions. 

If we commit to something small and doable, and we see success... when we experience success together in a way that can't be argued with... changes us, even if we don't know it or aren't aware. Even for people who don't have the awareness because it is somewhere else, it still works. 

Building the tangible opportunities for success small or big. 

Then enumerate, illustrate, count and illustrate the new. 

Goes hand in hand into how we show up, into the [[New]] rules and the [[New]] game and the [[New]] way of being.

The [[Doing]] and [[Being]] are intertwined. The simple actions are encoded in our bodies memories, and if we do them long enough become part of our whole being. Even if you don't have words, it will strike others as [[Coherence]] and [[Integrity]]. 

When we are [[Curious]] we can learn about ourselves and others. 

We are here to [[Witness]] and [[Support]] and ask if it is working, and have [[Dialogue]]. What we need to accomplish is so big that none of us could [[Make It Happen]]. We have to [[Unlearn]] the framings to which we were originally exposed. 

That is a dimension of [[Inquity]] and [[Inspiration]] that is critical to the [[Process]] / [[Way]] we use so it becomes a [[Why]] and a [[How]] question, not a [[What]] question.

[[Enabling Words]] and [[Disabling Words]] [[Judith Bentham]]. 

[[Behaviors]] that [[Served Us Well]] at one point in life, that are no longer [[Serving Us Well]]. 

[[Generosity]] and [[Hope]] that needs to be conveyed. All big ideas can be criticized in that way. 

[[Energetics]] of [[Being]]. Culture of [[Complaining]] is a particular [[Energy]]. 

[[Chilldren]] often do not process events in terms of [[Complaining]] unless they are trained to. 

If we know how to have the [[Hygeine]] of good space... and know how to evoke it, repair it... so that even as we all mess up, there are others in this web or network of [[State]] that makes so much more possible. 

The [[Phrases]] that are [[Limiting]] that we need to [[Unlearn]]. 

Somehow find a [[Way]] to [[Speak Into Being]]. 

The ability to set up [[Data]] and [[Science]] from our [[Dialogue]].

Each [[Sovereign]] will have different [[Energies]]. They will not be able to [[Articulate]] it because it is in process. 

People won't be able to voice [[Where They Are At]] and [[Why]]. 

Until everyone is trained to sense the [[Energy]] and that becomes the [[Collective Energy]], there is risk. 

So we want to collect enough [[Energy]] early enough, not defer that... grabbing it early enough, having the brave convesations, that cannot be brought back to the starting point. 

The seeds of [[Hope]] are there in stories of [[Guilt]] and [[Shame]]... The [[Green Shoots]] and [[Potential]] that are present in the stories.

When you tell the [[Story]] it brings in the [[Energy]] of [[Possibility]]. It surfaces things that we didn't know were possible. 

Most of the time people can't see [[Choice]]. There is often [[Choice]] where we don't see it. 

[[Agency]] 

I am beginning to more fully use my [[Agency]]. Human species is still awakening to the notion of [[Agency]]. In community, we are learning about our collective [[Agency]] - what is possible together. 

Powerful, empowering, choice giving stories about how to be well individually, together, with what is here, with what is arising...

Other people's stories open up possibilities... 

We will need the [[Story Data]] to keep ourselves together.

Voice notes: Get to say what is important, and hear the context and nuance. 

There are a lot of different instruments in the [[Symphony]]. Music demonstrates to us how that comes together, and how things that start in one voice are echoed and modified in other voices, and that is how the symphony builds... 










