# 2.10 Making Our Subconscious Story Conscious
*"Before we move on, let’s sort out our stories so that we can understand [[One Another]], [[Perceive]] together, and move [[Together]] towards our highest overarching and uniting shared [[Goal]]. 

Let’s take out our writing tools, pause, meditate, invite our Minds into a creative, imaginative, and childlike space...*   

Question 1: What story are you telling yourself about you? 
1. Who are you? 
2. Where are you on your [[Quest]]? 
3. How did you get here? 
4. Where are you going? What is the [[Goal]] of your [[Quest]]? 

Question 2: What story are you telling yourself about us as a human species? 
1. Who are we? 
2. Where are we on our [[Quest]]? 
3. How did we get here? 
4. Where are we going? What is the [[Goal]] of our [[Quest]]?

Question 3:  What story are you telling yourself about us as an emerging community of goodwill?
1. Who are we? 
2. Where are we on our [[Quest]]? 
3. How did we get here? 
4. Where are we going? What is the [[Goal]] of our [[Quest]]?

Question 4: What is the story you are telling yourself about your agency in each of the stories above? What agency do you believe you have or don’t have in your individual destiny, in our destiny as a community, and in the destiny of the entire human species and living system seven generations from now? 

Question 5: If you do not have complete agency in any of your stories, who does? Why? 

Question 6: What self-limiting beliefs or fears are present in your stories, that may limit our progress forward? 

Question 7: In order to be safe, loved, and accepted, I must (fill in the blank). 

Quetion 8: Are you willing to join us in choosing the [[Meta Goal]] as our highest overarching and uniting shared Goal? Are you willing to put the [[Highest Intention and Greatest Good]], and the [[ONE]] from Whom it flows, at the absolute top of the [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Goals]] and [[Total Nested Hierarchy of Values]]? 

_If we cannot agree on the [[Meta Goal]], we will not be able to orient and move together, for we will not be perceiving the same subset of the universe, or heading in the same direction within it. 

For deeper work, see [[Your Story]]. _
 
___

Forward to [[3.1 The Meta Quest]]  
Back to [[2.9 How Values Shape Perception]]  
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  

