# 8.27 Plato

Plato was a Greek philosopher who lived from about 428 to 347 BC. He founded the Academy, which was the first institution of higher learning in the Western world. He was taught by Socrates, and he taught Aristotle. His thinking had profound impacts on Western religion, spirituality, and philosophy. Much of what we know about Pythagoras, Heraclitus, and Parmenides was derived from the works of Plato. These works mark a turning point in the history of philosophy, as one of the first significant philosophical bodies of work to survive intact to this day. Plato taught of immutable, timeless, changeless, and ‘one over many’ [[Forms]], or predicates, existing outside of [[Space]] and [[Time]], which are [[Instantiation|Instantiated]], or shared in to various degrees, by the continuously transforming material world as we perceive it. 

He was careful to differentiate opinion, from [[Perceived Reality]], from the true underlying [[Reality]], [[Wisdom]], and [[Knowledge]] present in eternal, non-experiential form and non-propositional form, and revealed by divine insight. 

He taught that the basis of moral and social obligation was the fundamental individual [[Responsibility]] to seek [[Wisdom]], which leads to [[Understanding]], which reveals [[Knowledge]] of the Form of the [[Good]], which must be applied in order to fulfill one's moral, political, and social function in society, so that [[Justice]] can be obtained. 

He argued that [[Justice]] and rest from [[Evil]] would only result when philosophy and political power entirely coincide, such as in the form of a philosopher king. 

[[Wisdom]] is [[Knowledge]] of the [[Good]], or [[Right Relationship]] among [[All]]. The philosopher king loves [[Wisdom]], and has the [[Courage]] to act in [[Integrity]] and [[Coherence]] with [[Wisdom]] as it is revealed. 

Plato identified the [[Good]] with the fundamental ontological principle that is the [[One]]. The [[One]] is the cause of the Forms, the Forms are the cause of the [[Essence]] or [[Spirit]] in [[All]] things. In addition to his focus on philosophy related to [[Logos]], he used extensive [[Mythos]] to appeal to those attracted to stories and tales over reasoned philosophical discourse. 

___

Forward to [[8.28 Socrates]]    
Back to [[8.26 Pythagoras]]           
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
