# 8.34 Hinduism

In India, the period between approximately 800 BC and 200 BC was a pivotal time of formation and a transition between the Vedic period and the period of [[Synthesis]] that preceded the ‘Golden Age’ of Hinduism in the first millennium AD. 

During this period, the orthodoxy and ritual of the Vedic religion and Brahmanism were challenged by new movements. Mahavira and Buddha were central teachers in this movement, turning away from Vedic authority and back / ahead towards older metaphysical ideas. This movement and pressure caused a new [[Synthesis]] of various local traditions that began to give rise to the diverse religious expression we now know as Hinduism. 

Some of the core ideas of Hinduism include: 
- the celebration of a massive array of deities, which are integrated into a higher order unity through the understanding that they are manifestations of a single underlying [[Absolute]] / [[Unity]] / Supreme Being; 
- belief in a universal law of cause and effect ([[Karma]]); 
- the possibility of [[Liberation]] (moksha) from the endless cycles of life and suffering (Samsara); 
- One [[Truth]], expressed by the Wise in many ways; 
- [[Truth]] as the very essence of [[Reality]] / the Universe; 
- One limitless, formless, eternal, universal, all-encompassing [[God]] from which all other deities and manifestations of the universe arise; 
- [[Dharma]] / [[Righteousness]] / duty / right action / right way; 
- [[Liberation]] of the [[Soul]], which comes through realizing one’s true nature and thereby reuniting one’s soul to [[God]]; 
- [[Self Discipline]]
- [[Pilgrimage]] 
- [[Purification]] 
- [[Self Examination]] 
- [[Self Inquiry]] 
- [[Meditation]] 

Hinduism is not a consolidated system or religion arising from a single founder, but rather the evolution over time of the belief systems that arose from the peoples that lived along the Indus river, into the brilliant diversity of spirituality that we witness today. 

What a tragedy to leave behind so soon the infinite depths to which we could follow the golden threads of all these teachers. I fear I have done them a terrible disservice, however hopefully I have done the reader some service by consolidating core teachings, principles, and ideas into a relatively brief thread, contextualized within history, and informing our present moment in time. We will return later.

___

Forward to [[8.35 Power And Control]]    
Back to [[8.33 Judaism]]    
Back to table of contents [[The Book of Lionsberg]]  
