# 8.63 The Sea Of Pyramids

Imagine standing on a mountain top gazing out over a large open valley.

Imagine that the valley is occupied by thousands of pyramids of various sizes.

At the top of each pyramid is a power structure.

At the bottom of each power structure is a mass of people.

In between is a hierarchy of order.

Flying from the top of the pyramid is the flag, that contains the sacred symbols.

Bursting forth from the speakers of the pyramid is the sacred song, that contains the sacred words, blaring in the ears of the distressed listeners.

Guiding the action of the pyramid is a game, that holds the sacred rules.

Your skill at playing the game determines your place within the pyramid.

The most committed players are wearing clothes that reflect the sacred symbols, the sacred words, and the sacred colors of the sacred flag.

It is lonely, disrespected, and dirty at the bottom of the pyramid, so everyone is strongly incentivized to find a way to get a rung or two up the ladder.

Once you are a rung or two up the ladder, you begin to enjoy a position of power and recognition that is dependent on the perpetuation of the structure, and you also notice how much better life could be if you continued to climb.

You also notice how dangerous it would be for you to be disapproved, disgraced and fall.

The higher you climb, the more your entire realm of life and luxury become dependent on the perpetuation of the structure. So you must become more skilled at playing and protecting the game that is protecting you. Little compromises begin to slip in.

If the structure were to fail, or people were to stop playing the game, your position and privilege would be lost and you would descend into the chaos.

It is far safer to play and perpetuate the game. It is far safer to stay within your pyramid. Outside of your pyramid lies the [[Unknown]]. Outside of your pyramid lies [[Chaos]]. Outside of your pyramid lies all the perceived enemies that threaten you.

We must fight to defend and enlarge our pyramid!

Unless… fighting to defend and enlarge our (little) (great) pyramid is a Pattern of Death that will inevitably and inextricably lead to failure and destruction.

What if… we transcended the great scheme of the pyramids?

What if… we MUST transcend the great scheme of the pyramids?

___

Forward to [[8.64 The Deception And Temptation Of Power And Control]]     
Back to [[8.62 Judging By The Fruit]]      
Back to table of contents [[The Book of LIONSBERGx]]  
