# 8.9 Not So Simple 

In the mythical [[Backward Looking Story]] of Lionsberg, which will eventually become more [[True]] than the "factual" histories of the nation states, we have many terrible errors to avoid, many of which have already been outlined. 

However one especially pernicious error we want to watch out for is the creation of a simple arc from worse to better, or from better worse. 

In the [[Old World]] we heard it in two basic forms.

In the first form, [[God]] created everything in perfect [[Order]]. Then humankind sinned, and things were doomed to get perpetually worse and descend towards absolute [[Chaos]] until a Savior finally appeared who would set things back in perfect order. 

In a second form, [[Chance]] created everything in [[Chaos]] / Randomness. Then humankind ascended, subordinated Nature to itself, and evolved towards ever greater [[Order]] and Progress. 

Through a far more nuanced lens, we can see our [[Backward Looking Story]] as one of [[Conscious Agents]] Grappling with Nature and Nature's God, Grappling with Life and its [[Source]], Grappling with the search for eternal [[Truth]] and [[Wisdom]] and [[Beauty]] against the temporal rise and fall of many different orders, many different experiments, struggling for survival, struggling to elevate and transform their lives and their world, struggling to thrive. 

Many civilizations have risen and fallen. Many experiments have been tried. Many patterns have been enacted. 

In our [[Forward Looking Story]], we must [[Consciously Decide]] which [[Potential]] [[Pattern Of Action]], out of [[All]] [[Potential]] Patterns of Action, we will choose to [[Enact]] and [[Embody]]. 

To [[Inform]] this decision, we do not need our [[Backward Looking Story]] to try to tell us [[What Actually Happened]]. Which is good, because it cannot be known. 

What we need is for our [[Backward Looking Story]] to illuminate and reveal, with as much [[Wisdom]], [[Truth]], and [[Love]] as it can, the lessons of history. 

And in particular, what [[Patterns of Action]] are most likely lead us away from the [[Hell On Earth]] we are trying to avoid, and towards the [[Heaven On Earth]] we all long for. 


