# 1.3 Not Yes Or No, But How Likely

When analyzing the risk of collapse, suffering and death, the question is *not* whether it will or will not happen. 

That kind of yes or no, black and white thinking is foolish. 

We are dealing with complex systems, psychology, spiritual warfare, and physical warfare at an unprecedented moment in history. Our fundamental condition as we peer through our Spacetime User Interface out into the future or past is that [[We Do Not Know]]. 

A better approach is to do a risk analysis covering how likely a given potential is to occur (***probability***), the consequences if it does (***severity***), and the amount of time, space, and life would be impacted (***scope***). 

Understanding these three dimensions informs what mitigations or interventions are Wise and Right to proactively implement. 

***The greater the probability, the higher severity, and the larger the scope of a potential catastrophe, the more time, attention, and resources should be dedicated to its conscious prevention.*** 

**I HAVE SACRIFICED ALL MY WEALTH, POSITION, AND POWER IN THE OLD WORLD, HAVE BUILT AN ARK, AND AM ACTING AS IF THERE IS A SIGNIFICANT PROBABILITY OF A COLLAPSE OF THE EXISTING ORDER THAT COULD RESULT IN THE SUFFERING AND DEATH OF 2/3 OF LIFE ON EARTH.** 

**I BEG YOU TO STOP AND CONSIDER WHY.**

I am sacrificing the fullness of my being and consciousness to prevent this outcome, and begging you to understand WHY. 

This book is a warning about the potential for an unprecedented collapse of our interconnected social, political, economic, and religious systems, to a degree that could cause suffering and / or death for billions of people, over the course of many generations, and which would touch every family on the planet in profound ways. 

The ***scope*** and ***severity*** of ***what is at stake*** could not possibly be bigger. 

As to ***probability***, my belief is that the probability is virtually 100% of a collapse of the American Order and the rise of a new Order within our lifetimes *if we fail to wake up spiritually and act*. 

There are so many symptoms of deep and permeating disease, the American Order that virtually all families on Earth exist within is on hospice gasping for air. I am not saying that out of ignorant or arrogant America-Centrism. I am saying it because the US Dollar has been the backbone of our interexistent (and now failing) global financial, trade and food systems, and the US Military has been the backbone of our interexistent (and now failing) geopolitical order. 

***If the American Order dies a disorderly death, and the new order is forged out of the current spirit and consciousness creating the present conflict, corruption and dysfunction, I believe the probability is greater than 80% that the end result will be hellish beyond our ability to conceptualize it, and that it will afflict at least the next 7 generations to come.*

How likely do you think this analysis is to be true? 

Is there a 1% chance? 
10%? 
50%? 

Most parents would never let a child walk down a road or cross a river if there was even a 1 in 1,000 chance of their suffering and death. 

***I am desperately trying to warn the world that there is a near certainty of suffering and death ahead, because it is built into the logic of the spiritual trajectory we are on. We are collectively headed towards a Collapse into hell.*** Not in a religious sense. Right here on Earth. 

Every family is going to need to decide for themselves, according to their own best judgment, ***how likely this warning is to be true***, and be prepared for their grandchildren's grandchildren to exist in the aftermath of their decision tree. 

***Most people have no idea what is coming, and 99% of families are asleep in a building that is on fire.*** 

***IT'S TIME TO WAKE UP!!!***

___

Forward to [[1.4 Transforming Our Way of Being Together]]  
Back to [[1.2 Sirens and Alarms]]   
Back to table of contents [[Most People Have No Idea What Is Coming]]   
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  


