# 2.1 The End of the United States Experiment As We Thought We Knew It


**The United States experiment as we have known it is coming to an end, and with it, the world order we thought we were living in.** The United States dollar as we have known it is coming to an end. The United States debt structure as we have known it is coming to an end. Foreign relations as we have known them are coming to an end. War as we have known it is coming to an end - and in the worst possible way. Work as we have known it is coming to an end. 

This all means that life as we know it is coming to an end, not just for Americans, but for every family across the world who, knowingly or not, is touched by the long shadow of the post world war American order. It has been said that when America sneezes, the world catches a cold. If the consequences outside of America tend to be even greater than the consequences within, what happens when America is thrust upon its deathbed in a disorderly fashion? 

What do you think will happen to **financial systems**? What do you think will happen to **economic systems**? What do you think will happen to **supply chains**? What do you think will happen to **food systems**? What do you think will happen to the **forces of evil** presently restrained by the threat of United States military intervention? What do you think will happen to the trillions of dollars of **weapons** and 1,000s of **nuclear warheads** distributed around the world?

There is good reason why the **four horsemen of the apocalypse** tend to ride together - war (civil and external), conquest, famine, plague, and natural disaster are companions that reciprocally fuel and reinforce each other's ride and rise. 

___

Forward to [[2.2 Intention]]   
Back to [[1.4 Transforming Our Way of Being Together]]   
Back to table of contents [[Most People Have No Idea What Is Coming]]   
Onward to other [[Lionsberg Wiki Books]]  
