# 9.2 Warning and Acknowledgement

A final warning. 

As a society, we should be *extremely wary* of those prophesying doom, seeking resources and offering to lead. 

There is a well known psychological tactic of telling people they are in danger, and then suggesting that as a solution they hand power to you. 

This use of fear and deceit to gain power is the oldest tactic in the book. "You are in danger. I will save you."

We see it today in a thousand false prophets and leaders around the world, and we see the warning exemplified in the story of the anti-Christ in the book of Revelation. It will get worse before it gets better.

Be prayerful, discerning, and *do not follow them.*

____

At the same time, the Spirit of God that is in Christ always says to those on the path to destruction, "follow me - I can show you the Way," or "this is the Way, walk ye in it."

When I challenge the corrupted and failing economic system, they accuse me of being a communist. 

When I challenge the corrupted and failing religious institutions, they accuse me of being possessed by the spirit of the anti-Christ.

When I suggest that we reform the United States and not let the systems collapse, they accuse me of seeking power. 

When I suggest that we have a vision and plan, they accuse me of arrogance. 

When I suggest that it is possible, they accuse me of being crazy.

When I refuse to bend to their demands for silence and conformance, they gnash their teeth and plot my demise. 

____
I am therefore accompanying my offer with a warning and acknowledgement: 

For those who have not experienced the reality of these ideas, they can seem crazy or frightening. They are disorienting, and challenge some of our deepest hopes and identities. 

I acknowledge this, and also warn you to expect that if they treat me this way, so too will they treat you. 

Nevertheless, with everything on the line, we must be willing to arise and stand together, and see how quickly we can find The First 1,000, how quickly The First 1,000 can find the 3%, and how quickly the 3% can get 80% of the population to arise and stand with us. 

For those with religious concerns, please see [[Lionsberg - A Biblical Perspective]]. 

___

Forward to [[9.3 A Final Call To Action]]  
Back to [[9.1 My Offering]]   
Back to table of contents [[Most People Have No Idea What Is Coming]]   



